Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Off Menu ­ Ep88 ­ Mae Martin
Ed Gamble Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, fallen off the bone and into your ears.
James Acaster That's Ed Gamble talking to you there.
Ed Gamble Yes. Hello James Acaster, how are you?
James Acaster Good thank you Ed. I like the idea of it falling off the bone and into your ears. I like that.
Ed Gamble Would you eat something with your ears if you could?
James Acaster Yeah yeah. I would actually. It would be quite nice. Just hold the dish up to your ear like a telephone and let your ears just munch away at it. But then where would it come out?
Ed Gamble Oh, your nose.
James Acaster Oh, I wouldn't really like that.
Ed Gamble No, I wouldn't like that. You would have to hover your head over the loo.
James Acaster Yeah, yeah, not into that part.
Ed Gamble Anyway, this is a food podcast where we have a special guest on. And this one is recorded over zoom. It's home cooking.
James Acaster Home cooking week.
Ed Gamble And what do we ask them James?
James Acaster Their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink. And this week's guest is...
Ed Gamble and James Acaster Mae Martin.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble It's series five and what a way to start. It's Mae Martin, she's absolutely brilliant. Comedian, writer, actor, her brand new show Feel Good is available now on All 4 and world wide on Netflix. So exciting, she's always been a brilliant comedian and people are absolutely lapping up this new show.
James Acaster Yeah, I watched all of it during... it was one of the early, I remember it came out really early in the lockdown and I just ate it all up, into my ears.
Ed Gamble Nomma, nomma, nomma. Like a buffet, which is interesting because it also has Lisa Kudrow in it who is Phoebe Buffay, so everything all links up and back to food.
James Acaster It can't be coincidence!
Ed Gamble So, if Mae says the secret ingredient she is out of here. That's the way we do things at the Dream Restaurant, it's your dream until it's your nightmare. And we have one ingredient that we hate that if she brings it up, we will kick her out. And this week the secret ingredient is shrimp flavoured Primula.
James Acaster Shrimp flavoured Primula.
Ed Gamble That tube cheese spread.
James Acaster No thank you.
Ed Gamble Which, you know, has its place but not the shrimp flavour, what the hell are people doing?
James Acaster Ah, no, thank you. But I mean yeah, like you say Ed, it's got its place, but but I don't think the shrimp flavour has its place.
Ed Gamble Fishy cheese doesn't.
James Acaster Down the toilet.
Ed Gamble Yeah, no way. I meant it's just...
James Acaster If you buy a tube of that shrimp flavoured primula, just open up the toilet and empty it all in there.
Ed Gamble And certainly don't eat it with your ears.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin

James Acaster No.
Ed Gamble Even though it's in the perfect tube to eat it with your ears.
James Acaster Yeah, to be fair. If you are eating into your ears then it is probably quite good. Just get a, something tubed, and get it right in there.
Ed Gamble Benito's just letting us know that it's called Cheese and Prawns, is the official title.
James Acaster Cheese and Prawns Primula.
Ed Gamble And he's sent us a link. I can't believe that it's actually still a thing. Because I remember it from my youth. No, there it is. 'Cheese and Prawns; perfectly cheesy with proper prawns, a flavour combination we've been told shouldn't work but just does. Don't believe us? Give it a try'. I'm gonna say, don't give it a try because it doesn't work.
James Acaster 'We've been told shouldn't work', yeah you have been told that.
Ed Gamble Yeah time and time again, and we're telling you again. So, if Mae picks Cheese and Prawns Primula, she's gone.
James Acaster Sorry Mae
Ed Gamble Sorry Mae. Hopefully she won't though, because she's very good. So, without further ado, here is the Off Menu menu of
Ed Gamble and James Acaster Mae Martin.
Ed Gamble Welcome, Mae Martin, to The Dream Restaurant.
Mae Martin Thank you so much for having me.
Ed Gamble Whoa, that was
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Welcome Mae Martin to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Mae Martin Was I late? I'm sorry.
James Acaster Oh yeah.
Ed Gamble That's a good point, you have added this, 'we've been expecting you for some time', relatively recently I'd say, you don't say it every time, and it does, it is pretty aggressive.
Mae Martin It's a little, it's passive aggressive is what it is.
James Acaster Oh yeah? I should explain. Since the dawn of time, it has been foretold who will come to The Dream Restaurant, and I've always known, I know all the guests who will ever be on it already.
Ed Gamble Yep.
James Acaster And so that's what I mean, is that, even since before Mae's birth, we were expecting Mae in The Dream Restaurant.
Ed Gamble That is some time.
James Acaster There's no tardiness.
Mae Martin When I was just a twinkle in my mother's eye.
James Acaster Does your mum have twinkly eyes?
Mae Martin Yeah very
James Acaster She sounds like a genie as well.
Mae Martin Yeah, she may have been.
James Acaster If your mother could grant you three wishes, what would you want them to be? If you were to ask for three wishes of your mother?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Oh... specifically... oh well I would want her to forget some things that I've done. If she could just put out of her mind some of the sort of traumatic episodes of my adolescence, that would be good.
James Acaster Yep, just choose three of those.
Mae Martin Yeah, maybe trick her into thinking that I have a PHD.
Ed Gamble So, your wishes for your mother would be to just like mess with her mind right?
Mae Martin Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Make myself look better by totally deceiving her, yeah.
Ed Gamble Yeah, that's fair enough. I enjoyed that. Now we always ask, 'does your mother have twinkly eyes', but that's the only time it's never felt creepy.
James Acaster Yep, we always ask does your mother have twinkly eyes and we always ask, how is your little clay man?
Mae Martin Oh thank you so much for asking! He's really well, he' on the shelf behind me there, I don't know if you can see.
Ed Gamble I'm gonna need some background
Mae Martin No, I don't think so.
Ed Gamble Okay.
Mae Martin No, basically in lockdown I, the only creative thing I've done in lockdown is I bought some clay online and I made a little clay man and then as soon as I'd built him I became kind of obsessed with whether he was a benevolent or a malevolent energy in the flat. And like, I wanted to destroy him at one point but I was like, then I'll be cursed. So I've kept him, he's up back there.
Ed Gamble So you've come around to the clay man now. You think he's a benevolent force?
Mae Martin It's more like I'm stuck with him now, whatever his influence is, he's here now.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Well, also just to let you know that for the podcast when we ask you what you want for each course, we'll also be double checking what the clay man will be having.
Mae Martin Oh, okay, yeah yeah.
James Acaster We'll also ask what the little clay man wants. Um, when you say you'd be cursed, er why, why is that?
Mae Martin There's something about, I really anthropomorphise objects and things and, especially, you've created a man from clay, like some kind of God, and it seems um, dangerous to destroy him. I dunno, he seems, I could show him to you but I think you've seen him
James Acaster I saw him from a distance
Mae Martin But he looks real, you know. I dunno, I dunno, I just don't want to risk it. It's the same way that, on my death bed, I wouldn't say like, 'oh I don't believe in God'. Like, just I don't want to risk it.
Ed Gamble Yeah, sure.
Mae Martin You know, so I don't want to destroy the clay man just on the off chance that he comes alive at night.
Ed Gamble Isn't there more of a risk of him coming alive at night if you don't destroy him?
Mae Martin Yeah, that's a really good point.
Ed Gamble So maybe just take his legs off or something.
Mae Martin That's a good idea. Best of both worlds. He's still there
Ed Gamble Yeah, best of both worlds. Maim the clay man.
Mae Martin Maim him, yeah. Dismember him.
James Acaster Maim Martin.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I was just about to do that. Damn it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin That's my wrestling name.
James Acaster Ed's a bit hungover today. Usually, I wouldn't have got in there first on that.
Mae Martin Why, what were you doing last night?
Ed Gamble Drinking alcohol.
Mae Martin Right.
Ed Gamble I went to meet my friend and I had not seen him in a long time and apparently that was an excuse to drink an obscene amount of red wine and then just sort of waddle home. And I can't do it anymore, I just can't, I can't do it. So today has been an absolute write-off. But luckily, I allowed it to be a write-off because I knew we were interviewing you later and I was like, 'I'll try and get over this hangover and I will have achieved something'.
Mae Martin Yeah!
Ed Gamble Unfortunately, I have not got over the hangover and I apologise in advance for not getting in there quicker with my puns.
Mae Martin With Maim Martin.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster Well I was thinking of it as Maim Artin.
Mae Martin Oh yeah, Maim Artin, of course, that's right.
James Acaster It's already in your name.
Mae Martin Yeah, Maim Artin. I like it.
James Acaster Also, a little clay man figure is a form of art so Maim Artin works.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Yeah, and maybe that would be my sort of wrestling technique, would be dismembering people and be like, 'I made you and I can break you', something like that.
James Acaster Just grabbing them and asking them if they're malevolent or benevolent, or whatever it is. I can't even say them now.
Mae Martin Yeah.
James Acaster I would like, if the wrestler was asking that as the question. 'Are you malevolent or benevolent?! Tell me!'.
Mae Martin 'Friend or foe?!'
Ed Gamble You ask the crowd, you're like, 'what do we reckon, malevolent or benevolent?', and if they shout malevolent you break their legs off.
James Acaster Yeah.
Mae Martin Yeah.
James Acaster Yeah. No legs!
Mae Martin And if they're benevolent what do I do? Just like kiss them or something?
Ed Gamble Yeah, give them a little kiss, you put them on the shelf. You put them on the turn buckle like it's a shelf, so you display them. Yeah.
James Acaster Still or sparkling water Mae?
Mae Martin Still. One hundred percent still, no question. If I wanted salty water I'd have a, drink a bodily fluid you know.
James Acaster Do you speak to every waiter like this?
Mae Martin I'm right that it's a bit salty right?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble I think that some of them are, I'd certainly, I mean shoot out to Badoit, one of my favourite sparkling waters. That's definitely got a salty tang on the back of the pallet. I'm into that though. And I wouldn't drink a bodily fluid in, to replace that. I'd stick with the water.
Mae Martin Yeah, that's fair. No, I'm gonna go cool, crystal clear, I just, I. My friend drove to France one time and we went in a mountain stream and drank like, it was just bursting out of the mountain. It was ice cold, it was clear, that's what I want really.
Ed Gamble Now when you say you and your friend, I'm imagining you in France with the little clay man.
Mae Martin The clay man. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
James Acaster You and the little clay man. Who can't really go in the water; 'oh nooo, Mae!'.
Mae Martin But he would, he's the kind of guy that would know where the mountain streams were though. Yeah.
James Acaster 'Listen, I know where a really great stream is, ice cold water, it's gonna be great. I cannot go in the water with you, I can't stress that enough. So I'll give you directions once we get to the stream, you're on your own now, I'll watch from the car'.
Ed Gamble From the car
Mae Martin There is... yeah he's driving... There's something really magical about drinking water straight from the source. I have the same thing, like I really have this fantasy about eating a piece of fruit while it's still growing. Like take a bite of an apple from the tree while it's still growing from the tree cos I feel like you get more nutrients somehow.
Ed Gamble So when you say still growing, you can like see that it's
Mae Martin Attached
Ed Gamble It's like midway through its growth. So you're like basically plucking an apple that's going through puberty. is that fair?
Mae Martin Yeah, eating a pubescent apple. Yeah. Yeah, or just that it's still attached, that it's still sucking those nutrients out of the ground and I'm just eating it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster So you're making sure that it's still on the branch and you're just, freehand
Mae Martin Yeah.
James Acaster Are you steadying it with one hand or are you just...
Mae Martin No, just, just the face going for it.
James Acaster So reverse bobbing for apples.
Mae Martin Yes, yeah.
Ed Gamble What would that be called, flobbing for apples?
Mae Martin Yeah.
James Acaster Ah, he is hungover. Listen to that; blobbing for apples. Ah no.
Ed Gamble Oh, come on, we're all riffing here.
James Acaster It's a low point on the podcast, flobbing for apples.
Mae Martin I liked it.
James Acaster I'm sorry that it had to happen during your episode Mae. Flobbing for apples.
Ed Gamble The thing is, sometimes James just comes after me for what I consider to be no reason and I'm gonna get loads of shit about that on twitter for ages, about flobbing for apples.
James Acaster Yes, if I'm honest my only motivation for doing it is because I know he'll get lots of shit about it on twitter.
Mae Martin You should never have admitted that you're hungover.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble Yeah, I really shouldn't have done, that was my mistake. Although to be fair, there's a run of about three podcasts where James is hungover and we really didn't let him get away with it, so it's absolutely fair enough.
Mae Martin Okay good, yeah.
James Acaster Would an apple be the dream fruit to do that with? Cos I'm thinking I might like to do that with a peach.
Mae Martin I'm so glad you said that. As we were going with the apple thing , in my head I was thinking 'is it too late to say I don't want an apple, I want a peach'. A peach or, I mean, a pear maybe but it's too hard. I think a peach or like a mango, oh my god, imagine a mango. Fuck.
Ed Gamble But with the mango if it's still attached, are you just biting in through the skin or are you like getting a knife involved in the situation?
Mae Martin I guess I'm going through the skin but I heard about a guy, I heard about a guy who ate oranges with the peel.
Ed Gamble Really?
Mae Martin He'd take a bite out of a clementine and eat, and chew up the peel.
Ed Gamble Now, I'm going to need a few more bits of information. Where did you hear about this guy?
Mae Martin Well, I think this is a friend of mine said that his grandpa used to do it or something. But yeah, you're right, it's hearsay, it's hearsay.
James Acaster Uh oh, the problem is, every time you say your friend, we're thinking
Mae Martin I know, I know, me too. Yeah.
James Acaster He whispers it in your ear while your asleep: 'My dad used to eat the clementine with the lemon peel'.
Ed Gamble I'm just trying to work out what the clay man's grandad looks like now.
Mae Martin Me too, I mean he's eating oranges. Yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Well I think that sounds. I think we can definitely get you the water from the source. You can definitely have that exact water that you drank, in France, from, was it a water fall or a...?
Mae Martin No, it was a running stream, like it had, it had almost rapids in it, like it was running quite quickly the water, and it was ice ice cold. And, I didn't, if I'm being honest, see the exact source, springing out of the mountain, but it was like, it tasted amazing. It was probably full of bacteria, I dunno.
James Acaster It's great to have done that. How old were you?
Mae Martin It was a couple years ago. And I'm twelve so I was ten. No, I guess I was like thirty.
James Acaster I love it. Ed, you'd do that right?
Ed Gamble Oh, I'd do that. I've only done. I've done something similar once, in the Yorkshire dales, we stumbled across a little stream and I filled my water bottle up from there and frolicked around in the stream for a little while. It really is delicious but then I was like frolicking with bare feet and drinking the water and then I realised I'm basically drinking my own bath water at this point.
Mae Martin Yeah yeah.
Ed Gamble You need to get it when it's like gushing out of the mountain right, rather than when it's like the stagnant water around you. But it really, it's a great experience. I think this is my favourite water choice ever because you've got, it's the freshest water available.
Mae Martin So fresh. And maybe it's like, on a full moon, that you're drinking it so you... I dunno, there's some added magical element. I feel like, when you drink it, then you instantly, you've prolonged your life by at least six months. That's how I felt after I drink it, I was like, I'm going to live a bit longer, having done that, you know.
James Acaster Do you want fountain of youth water?
Mae Martin Oh, no. I don't want to stick, the world's bad, I don't want to, you know what I mean?
James Acaster You're right. And actually, we've already had one person choose that weirdly, an absolute idiot, yeah. But we had someone choose that once.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Yeah, and I don't want to, I was a mess in my twenties, I don't want to be back there, I'm good. If I could have a fountain of like stopping time, I don't want to go backwards I just want to arrest time. That would be good.
James Acaster Why has no one done that as a film or a tv... has anyone done that?
Mae Martin Arresting time fountain?
James Acaster Just someone who just manages to stop time and stay at one age, rather than
Mae Martin Yeah that would be good, should we do that?
James Acaster Peter Pan, that's Peter Pan innit.
Mae Martin Yeah, that's Peter Pan.
Ed Gamble Vampires.
Mae Martin Yeah, loads, loads, of
James Acaster Yeah, vampires as well. I mean, the list goes on I guess.
Ed Gamble Do you want us to get a bottle and fill it up from there and bring it to the Dream Restaurant or do you want us to get like a pick axe and driver the stream straight into the restaurant?
Mae Martin I'd like you to divert the stream so that if I want a refill I can just reach down and dip my glass in to the bubbling brook. Bubbling, bubbling? Babbling. Babbling Brook. Yeah you want it to be babbling.
James Acaster Yeah, you want it to be babbling.
Ed Gamble Is there such a thing as too much babble though? For a brook.
Mae Martin Oh definitely, if you're having to shout to be heard. Yeah.
James Acaster yeah. do you know what river I'd like to drink from?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin What's that?
James Acaster The chocolate river in Willy Wonka's factory.
Mae Martin Oh my god.
Ed Gamble I love that, of course you're the guy who watches Willy Wonka's chocolate factory and doesn't take any of the life lessons from it, just focuses on the chocolate.
Mae Martin Yeah. And the things you want to steal from the factory.
Ed Gamble Yeah exactly. Like you've watched that, you've ignored that someone falls in that and gets sucked up a big tube, you're just like, of course I'm going to do exactly the same thing.
James Acaster I completely empathise with him. I don't blame him for doing it. You know, you're a kid, you go straight into a room where you can eat everything, there's a chocolate river, of course you're going to keep on drinking it.
Mae Martin what kind of chocolate do you think that is? Like in your mind is it like chocolate milk, like drinking chocolate? Or is it like a thick, like viscous, dark chocolate, like what do you want it to be?
James Acaster That's a very good question because in the film it looks like it is chocolate milk, but I would find it more irresistible if it was just melted chocolate thick. Like I remember going to this Jamie Oliver cafe near my house once and it didn't last long this place, it was like open for a couple months and then it got shut down and I got a hot chocolate not knowing that the Jamie Oliver hot chocolates are just chocolate bars melted down. Really hot, in a mug, and, it was one of those things where I was instantly excited and then immediately before I'd even had a sip regretted it, and thought, this is going to make me feel so bad afterwards. And I just walked around thinking, right, I've got to get a gym membership, I've got to start doing exercise, because that chocolate... It was the opposite of your water, I was like that's the years off of my life, absolutely.
Mae Martin Yeah, it's just filled up all your veins inside you.
James Acaster I can feel everything moving slower.
Mae Martin Yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble What's the name of that place? There's a place in Fitzrovia that we went to James, do you remember, that does those hot chocolates that are just melted chocolate? And I think that you had the same reaction to that where you had one of those and I think you went and got tested for type 2 diabetes immediately afterwards.
James Acaster Mm, I do remember. yep I do remember it, I can't remember what it was called, it was delicious. And sometimes, there, you can get mugs made of chocolate, right.
Ed Gamble Yeah you can, yeah.
Mae Martin Oh, that sounds good to me. Well, wait, does it, it might be too much you know?
Ed Gamble It is almost too much, I think, when you like drink all of the chocolate and you're like, I'm really full and then you're like, oh now I've got to eat the mug.
James Acaster In for a penny.
Mae Martin I went to a gay bar once where there was a chocolate fountain in the middle of the gay bar. It was like a Saturday night at 1am and all these sweaty bodies everywhere and then they had this horrible chocolate fountain and it was like, why, why have you done that? Like no one wanted it.
Ed Gamble It was a good idea in principle, it's like what's the most extravagant thing we can put in the middle of this bar, but in reality, vodka luge, fine, chocolate fountain, absolutely not.
Mae Martin Everyone covered in sticky chocolate, no disgusting, not for it.
James Acaster I'm surprised that at some point you didn't turn around to look at the fountain and I was just standing there with a mug. 'Hey Mae! It's 2am, this is delicious chocolate'.
Mae Martin that would have been, you would have been the person I would least expect to bump into in that scenario. It's like, 'what's James doing here?'.
James Acaster Popadoms or bread?!
Mae Martin Oh fuck. Bread, bread.
Ed Gamble There was a moment where you were like, oh no, and then you were pretty much straight on to bread.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin

Mae Martin Because I thought about the question today and I weighed it up, and I was really going back and forth, and then I said to myself, after hours of going over it I was like, I'm just going to have to go with, when he says it, what comes to my mind and I, I really thought bread, only because of the butter and like a toasted baguette. There is few things nicer than that.
James Acaster Would it be a baguette then, is that the type of bread we're going for?
Mae Martin Yeah, yeah we're going baguette. Like warm crusty on the, you know the usj, crusty on the outside, soft in the middle. Nice butter.
Ed Gamble Now if it's all about the butter really, have you ever considered spreading a butter on some popadoms?
Mae Martin Oh, that doesn't appeal to me. I think with the popadom you could dip it in a nice raita or a mango chutney but no, a buttered, buttered popadom? I don't think so.
Ed Gamble I'll be honest Mae, even as I said it I knew it was a bad idea.
Mae Martin I know you
Ed Gamble I thought I'd cracked it, I was like, I've never said this. We've done so many episodes of this podcast and no one's ever picked buttered popadoms and I'm going to say it and it's going to blow people's minds. And then I got half way through saying it and I thought that sounds absolutely disgusting and I'm sorry.
Mae Martin That's okay.
James Acaster I don't know. If there was like a fondue bowl of melted butter and I could get a warm popadom and dip it, submerge it fully, and pull it out again.
Ed Gamble I know a gay bar that would be willing to put that in the middle of their...
James Acaster also, you mentioned butter there, would you like to have butter straight from the source and when it's not yet matured? Aka milk from the teat?
Mae Martin No no I would not, but I did, when I was a kid I went on a school trip to like, it was called pioneer village and you go back in time to this house that's meant to be from whenever, I didn't pay attention really to the details, but we churned our own butter and that was cool and, yeah freshly churned would be good.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
And I like the process of churning so I might have my fresh water and then be like, can I churn, can I churn the butter? And see if you guys would let me churn it myself.
Ed Gamble Will you be wearing medieval clothes?
Mae Martin Yeah, I'll be wearing like a smock, a tunic.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster Well know that you've said, 'the fresh water from the source', it doesn't seem logical to not have everything from the source and fresh on your menu.
Mae Martin I know, like obviously if you're gonna have a fish you want it straight out of the sea.
James Acaster Hm, freshly baked baguette?
Mae Martin Yeah.
Ed Gamble You don't want to have to get like the wheat from the field or whatever, do you? You can take it too far.
Mae Martin Yeah, you can take it too far, there's a limit definitely, like yeah I don't want the milk from the teat, I want to churn the butter.
James Acaster I do have an image of you as a school child, on that school trip arriving and they're churning the butter and you just break away from the pack and run and start, while they're churning, you run and just stick your head in there and start drinking it. And they're like, 'Mae stop it! She always wants it straight from the source, sorry we can't...Stop flobbing that cream!'.
Mae Martin Flobbing? Is that
James Acaster yeah that's what Ed said earlier.
Mae Martin Oh, yeah earlier.
Ed Gamble Flobbing for apples, yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Flobbing for apples. Flobbing for butter.
Ed Gamble I'm glad that's come back.
Mae Martin When you used to go on school trips would you get, I would get absolutely manic, like, I think I was probably a nightmare. Like excitement of leaving the school I would just be so manic, like trying to be Ace Ventura the whole time.
James Acaster What, as in doing impressions?
Mae Martin Yeah, and just being like, 'hey everybody, I'm, look at me'. And, yeah, just like volunteering for any activity and, yeah. I think I would have been a nightmare.
Ed Gamble I think I was just looking for opportunities to smoke cigarettes to be honest. So any time the teacher wasn't there I would be running off to smoke a cigarette. I bought a ninja star when we were in France.
Mae Martin Really? A ninja star? Did you manage to get it back to England.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I mean amazingly there were, some of the kids' mums were there to volunteer to look after the kids on the trip because there were only a couple of teachers there and my friend's mum took it off my hands and helped me smuggle it back onto the ferry.
Mae Martin Cool mum!
Ed Gamble Really cool Mum. Er, my mum, slightly less cool when she found out that I had a ninja star and confiscated it because I nearly killed a neighbour.
Mae Martin Was it really sharp?
Ed Gamble Oh yeah it worked!
Mae Martin Fuck!
Ed Gamble I used to go to the back of the garden and throw it into the tree and stuff and pretend I was a ninja.
Mae Martin Oh my god!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble It went over the back wall and nearly landed on a neighbour so he was like
Mae Martin In a neighbour?
Ed Gamble And it nearly landed in a neighbour, so he was like, 'um, I'm sorry, I've got to give this to your mum', and my mum confiscated it.
Mae Martin Fuck. My brother's really into swords and stuff, and rare blades, like, yeah, he makes his own chain mail and stuff and he knows all about swords.
Ed Gamble Great.
Mae Martin Yeah, when I, sometimes when my parents would go out. And you know when you're a kid you convince yourself that someone's breaking into the house, or we used to, we'd be like, 'I heard a noise', my brother would always go and get his sword.
James Acaster 'Stay in bed everyone, I'll take care of this'. Could your brother make a little tiny set of chain mail for you know who?
Mae Martin Oh my god! yes!
James Acaster We come to your starter dish.
Mae Martin Okay. I am nervous because like I said before, I know your fans are very rabid and I don't want to, I don't know, I don't want to be judged for my choices. But I tried to think, what do I genuinely want, I[m not trying to sound cool, I just, this is what I want. And it's a dish I've concocted
Ed Gamble Great.
Mae Martin It's called a cornucopia of shrimp but it's inspired by, actually a lot of my best culinary experiences weirdly James were on that like one day in Sydney
James Acaster Yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin When we were on tour and we had these amazing like, on a yacht, and these prawns with watermelon, and they were just huge fresh prawns, I love... You guys say prawns, I'm going to say shrimp moving forward.
James Acaster Shrimp sounds better, to be fair.
Mae Martin Yeah yeah
James Acaster I've always thought that.
Mae Martin So it's like shrimp three ways, this starter, so it's like shrimp dumplings, shrimp tempura and just like a shrimp cocktail with loads of that red sauce. And yeah, I feel like it's a gross thing to just want to eat so many shrimp, but I'm just going to embrace it.
Ed Gamble I think, ah no, that sounds amazing. You're going to get no rabid responses from anyone over that, I think that's an absolute solid gold winner. Also, yeah you want to eat loads of shrimp, I don't think you can get full on shrimp.
Mae Martin Yeah! No, and different sauces for each thing right? The dumplings have like a little soy thing, the tempura have like maybe a mayonnaise, like a, some kind of flavoured mayonnaise, and then just, those jumbo prawns. Cos also, in Sydney I think that we went to a dumpling restaurant that was also very famous and good and
James Acaster Yeah, that day was great.
Mae Martin They had these soup-filled dumplings or something. Yeah, fuck that was good.
James Acaster It's a good day. I'm really glad that you brought that day up as well because I was hoping, going into this, I was like, I might have to really, at some point I've got to bring up the prawn platter that we had but you've beat me to it.
Mae Martin It was the combination of like where we were in this hot sun on this boat, um the food itself just, I've never seen prawns so big and so fresh.
Ed Gamble How big we talking?
Mae Martin I mean they were like mini lobsters almost.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble Oh wow. I have a long running sort of mind game, just somewhere where I go in my mind a lot, and I used to tour, when I used to tour with Greg Davies we used to talk about this a lot, imagining a prawn the size of a turkey and you carve it like a turkey.
Mae Martin Oh, I love that!
Ed Gamble And we used to, we used to call it the prawnkey, and in our, in the story of it it was invited like a James Bond villain, like a mad scientist. He'd be like, 'I have invented a prawn the size of a turkey', and then James Bond would be like, 'okay, well why am I here'. 'Well, that's it, that's all I've done, the prawnkey'. And you can take, can take big slices off it.
Mae Martin Oh, that sounds so good to me, that texture, you can't beat that texture.
James Acaster How often would you and Greg talk about the prawnkey?
Ed Gamble Regularly, regularly we would talk about the prawnkety.
James Acaster Regularly. Not just once.
Ed Gamble In fact, look, wait there.
Mae Martin Uh oh.
James Acaster Ed's going away.
Mae Martin I always think about what, what the biggest of each species of animal is. Ever recorded you know what I mean?
James Acaster Oh yeah, absolutely I would love to know.
Mae Martin The biggest recorded shrimp, I would love to know.
Ed Gamble We would talk about it a lot, and within the little act out, the, he was called Doctor Prawnguff was the name of the doctor and he then he'd talk a bit and he'd go, 'I have invented a prawn the size of a turkey', and then James Bond would go, 'and what is your plan', and then he'd go, 'no plan!'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Right. So you did that every time.
Ed Gamble Yeah, 'no plan!'.
James Acaster So every time you would talk about the prawnkey you would do that little act out first where he says, 'I have invented a prawn the size of a turkey', he says, 'what's your plan?', 'no plan'. And that's always what you'd do, the two of you?
Ed Gamble Yeah, and we talked about it on the DVD commentary for his DVD and someone knitted, knitted us, did a cross-stitch of some prawns saying, 'no plan' with Prawnguff underneath it, so that was nice.
Mae Martin That's amazing! So if anyone was just thinking of doing that, it's already been done.
Ed Gamble Yeah, don't do that, already got that cross stitch so you're going to have to do me one of the little clay man.
James Acaster Mae, that day when we had all that food, did you, what did you have at the, there was an ice cream sandwich place that we went to and I think I've brought up the ice cream sandwich that I had before because I had coconut ice cream with banana bread as the, instead of cookies, either side of it, and dark chocolate sauce on it, and it was so good. And I can't remember if you had an ice cream sandwich or if I was the only one and everyone was standing around waiting for me.
Ed Gamble Almost certainly.
Mae Martin No I did too, and I think it, I think it had like a peanut butter cookie involved. I think it may have been a peanut butter sandwich with just ice cream inside. I think, that's yeah cos coconut I'm allergic to, just so you know. In case there's any contamination cross-contamination in the kitchen of this restaurant.
Ed Gamble Are you allergic to nuts and coconut or is it just coconut?
Mae Martin It's just coconut, and to be fair I've never been tested, but I think I am. Or I might just not like it, but I, whenever I eat it I get like really bad stomach pain. And quite like red in my face, it's weird. It's a weird reaction.
Ed Gamble Do you think it's, are you allergic to tropical things in general?
Mae Martin Yeah, kiwi's I think, also give me a weird feeling.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 22 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Lilt?
Mae Martin But it's all very, this is all very like nebulous, it's like it gives me a weird feeling, do you know what I mean?
James Acaster So, you've got the cornucopia of shrimp, what order are you eating this in, are you, one at a time, are you going all over the place? Is there one of the shrimp that you would never follow with another one of the shrimp?
Mae Martin I think I'm going to go tempura, dumpling, all I know is that I want to finish with the fresh prawn from the boat in Sydney, yeah, cos that was so, it was almost a pallet cleanser it was so juicy and fresh.
James Acaster Yeah. It was watermelon, shrimp and lime juice all over it, wasn't there?
Mae Martin Yeah. But you never know if there's some emotional reason why we're both so attached to that meal.
James Acaster I don't think, you know, we didn't know the guy that much. For context Ed,
Ed Gamble Yeah, I, you've definitely talked to me before about the prawn and watermelon on the boat before. I've definitely heard this story. And I'm really glad that Mae brought it up because I think for you James this story occupies quite an important emotional part of your brain.
Mae Martin Same.
Ed Gamble And if Mae had not mentioned it and then you brought it up and she was like, 'I don't remember mate, no idea', I think you would have been absolutely destroyed.
Mae Martin No this, the funny thing was that he was a heckler. He had heckled you the night before and it was this man in his fifties
James Acaster Well he was asleep. So he was no the front row of the gig and he was asleep this man and we had all, I mean, I think I'm not doing anybody a disservice if I say this. So basically, it was the Sydney Arts Festival and they were doing comedy there for the first time, normally they're just doing arts stuff. There was a Spiegel tent, every night there's a mixed bill comedy show on and it was Mae, myself, Josie Long, Sam Campbell and Steen Raskopoulos

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 23 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble Great line up.
James Acaster I don't think I'm doing any of us a disservice when I say that every night apart from maybe one night we all died on our arses.
Mae Martin Every. And without exception. All of us, it was. Cos it was quite a heterogeneous mix of people and the audience, it was in a tent, they didn't know what... We bombed so much.
James Acaster So badly, and we couldn't figure it out. There was one night where we did well and then for the rest of it it was a nightmare. And that guy was asleep on the front row one day. And I kicked off about it and was like, 'I cannot believe this shit, we're here dying every single night and now a guy's asleep'. And then afterwards he was like, 'sorry you all died again, sorry that I was asleep, do you want to come on my Yacht tomorrow?', and we all just said yes'. And I think only me you and Josie did it.
Mae Martin Yeah, so we went on the yacht and he had his wife in the galley making this meal and that was the only element of it that was a little bit shady was that she, she never emerged, and when she did she was like very scuttly, like, 'I'm so sorry, I'll just bring the food and disappear'.
Ed Gamble Was she acting like it was quite normal that he'd invited loads of comedians from the previous night's show onto the boat?
Mae Martin Yeah kind of, she was sort of very meek this woman.
Ed Gamble In my mind, he invited you onto the boat, you all got onto the boat and then he immediately fell asleep again.
James Acaster I think he probably did fall asleep, I mean, he was pretty chilled. I mean that's the reason why I think the food must have been amazing because we were excited to be on a yacht, sure.
Mae Martin Yeah, first time on a yacht.
James Acaster But it's not like we were super best buds with this guy who had fallen asleep at the gig the night before, and his wife in the galley. So like, we didn't know either of them that well, and it was like, oh it's nice to be on a yacht. I think it's because, so this is my take on it, when she brought up the platter of the prawns with the watermelon on it, I thought, this will be shit.
Mae Martin Yep.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 24 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Because, it didn't look amazing, it didn't look like, okay, yeah fine.
Mae Martin Yeah, it's been prepared in a boat in a shitty little kitchen, but it was just the quality of the ingredients and the simplicity and just the lime juice or something. And just a glass of cold prosecco, just like, it was really nice.
James Acaster I think that was it
Mae Martin Yeah it was really nice
James Acaster The glass of Prosecco was lovely
Ed Gamble So you saw that and thought, this is going to be shit, that's exactly how the audience felt before your gigs in Sydney started.
Mae Martin But they were right, and we were wrong.
James Acaster So we come to your main course Mae. Is this from Sydney as well?
Mae Martin It's inspired by, it's not the meal but it's inspired by what Steen cooked us on that same culinary adventure that we were on. It's, I'm going with a very classic and I thought about more exciting choices and I just kept coming back to that I want a lamb roast with really good gravy and I want horseradish instead of mint sauce.
Ed Gamble Oh, now that's a bit of a left turn for lamb.
Mae Martin Yeah I know.
Ed Gamble You're fucking with the programme.
Mae Martin I mean I'll have mint sauce on the side
Ed Gamble Oh no no don't get bullied into having mint sauce Mae. You've made your horseradish bed.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 25 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin I just want the lamb to be like falling off the bone you know. Cos our friend Steen on that same trip made us this slow cooked Greek Lamb dish that was, he cooks it over night I think, it's like just rosemary and garlic and, I don't know why haven't chose that. I think it's because, I want a roast.
James Acaster I was very late to enjoying lamb I think because like in England it\s not always done well everywhere. But Australia and New Zealand absolutely knock it out of the park, it's incredible.
Mae Martin Yeah, maybe I want it in New Zealand or something. Also, is this weird, I, the times I enjoy a roast the most is when I'm hungover and so I kind of want to have a hangover for this meal.
James Acaster Ed?
Mae Martin Because you know a Sunday roast, you're hungover. Yeah, Ed?
James Acaster Transfer your powers.
Ed Gamble That's fine, yeah you can have some of this one. I've, I'll, there's plenty to go around.
Mae Martin Why is that, why do hangovers just make? It's so satisfying, you're hungry, it comes to the table.
Ed Gamble there's something quite yeah, there's something quite warming and nostalgic about roast dinners I think as well and they make you feel safe, I think that's kind of what you need in a hangover, you don't need any sort of, anything edgy if you've got a hangover, you've got gravy and potatoes. And I mean lamb is, for me, king of the roast meats.
Mae Martin I agree. And I want the potatoes with rosemary. I want, ah this is a bit of a curveball, I want cauliflower cheese.
James Acaster Ah, where is the best cauliflower cheese that you've had?
Mae Martin I think in the 90s at home. I think my dad just would make a really, just really cheap cheese as well. I like basic, cheap children's food basically. Did you guys know that my dad's a restaurant critic? That's his job.
James Acaster What? No.
Ed Gamble And that has come up in what I would say, too late into the podcast. You should have opened with that.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 26 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin

Mae Martin Yeah, he's a restaurant critic and a food and wine writer. And like he wrote a book called The Man Who Ate Toronto and it's a picture of him eating Toronto on the cover. And he, so in the 90s we would go to all these, we were so lucky cos it was free food and we would go to these restaurants. But it was the 90s so it was a lot of like sun dried tomatoes and Alfredo sauce. And yeah a lot of garlic, like heavy 90s kind of Italian food. But it was, it was great.
Ed Gamble That's amazing. I mean we always get nervous when there's critics in The Dream Restaurant obviously but
Mae Martin Oh, who have you had?
Ed Gamble Grace Dent
Mae Martin Oh wow!
Ed Gamble Jay Rayner.
Mae Martin Wow.
Ed Gamble The two most fearsome food critics. But as far as I'm aware they've never eaten Toronto.
Mae Martin Wow, right exactly. My dad, he did one time an article where the premise of the article was that he'd go in disguise to the restaurant. So he put on the maddest disguise, just this crazy wig and he looked like Austin Powers. And of course it attracted way more attention than, he had everyone saying, 'whose this mad man in full movie make-up?'.
James Acaster We have not asked you what the little clay man wants for starter or main course.
Mae Martin Well I'm hoping he doesn't eat like my hopes and dreams, I hope he eats like normal foods. But he looks almost like he could eat worms or something, he's a bit like Gollum from Lord of The Rings. Like maybe he's sort of in a sunless cave and he's eating raw fish or something. But no, I think he'd want to eat you know a little cookie, a cookie crumble or something. For all three.
Ed Gamble Basically, if he malevolent he's eating worms but if he's benevolent he's eating cookie, cookie crumble did you say?
Mae Martin Yeah, I don't know what that is.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 27 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble No, I don't know what that is either but it sounds good, you've invented, is it like an apple crumble but you've replaced, replace the apples with cookies?
Mae Martin I guess so, I mean I just thought of it, but yeah!
Ed Gamble That sounds amazing.
Mae Martin Wow, I like that a lot, yeah.
James Acaster I would absolutely eat that, I think this lamb dish is unfaultable, you can't fit pick any faults in it.
Mae Martin Thank you. It's about the gravy, it's about the sides, the horseradish I'm glad that you've gone along with that.
James Acaster Is that something you do, just in life you put horse radish with lamb? Do people give you get a hard time for it?
Mae Martin yeah, I mean sometimes you get a snarky waiter, if you're having a pub roast and you've ordered like the chicken or the lamb and you're like, 'can I have some horseradish on the side' and they're like, ugh, and they give you a little look, but no I would always order a side of horseradish. Yeah, defo. I like a food that will clear my nasal passages, you know?
Ed Gamble Oh I'm so on board with that, yeah.
Mae Martin Wasabi, Schezuan
Ed Gamble It's the only reason I get ramen, is to completely empty my head.
Mae Martin Actually, speaking of straight from the source, you could, maybe grate like raw horseradish. Would that be cool? I dunno.
Ed Gamble That'd be cool. That's yeah that's like, wasabi is basically Japanese horseradish right, you're supposed to have that straight from the source. Yeah we'll bring in a whole fresh horseradish and just grate it all over your lamb.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 28 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin When you guys were kids were you the type of kid who would eat things as a dare? Like eat really hot things as a dare to be funny and stuff? Like I would eat
Ed Gamble Of course I was, yeah.
Mae Martin Of course, yeah, me too.
James Acaster As a dare?
Mae Martin With your ninja star eating wasabi. Yeah I used to eat wasabi, or spoonfuls of salt, or things like, anything to make, try to impress people, I don't know.
James Acaster what would the reaction be? What were you feeding off of there Mae?
Mae Martin Well you'll know if you've done this, there's like a moment of a gratifying laugh or a like, 'oh this kid's wild, what a rebel'. And then there's this long process of you being so nauseous and like, trying to rinse your mouth out and kind of feeling quite sad and kind of pathetic, sitting at the back of the bus like burning.
Ed Gamble I used to do that far too late on in life as well, like I'd do a, you know in pubs, they don't really do it anymore, they serve snacks in like pint glasses, there will be like a pint of wasabi peas, I could, I'd try to chug a pint of wasabi peas quite often. The only difference being, from what you were saying was that it was never a dare, I did it just off my own back. And it's horrible, you can feel it, it just makes, you can feel it through your nose, it really gets to your nose doesn't it?
James Acaster No dare. Would you say that before you did it?
Ed Gamble Yeah, no dare.
James Acaster & Ed Gamble No dare.
James Acaster Your side dish Mae.
Mae Martin I'm gonna have please a lobster Mac and cheese.
Ed Gamble Oh yes.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 29 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Yeah. Big chunks of lobster, lots of black pepper on top, yeah cos it's rich, you don't want a whole thing, you want a couple of big spoonfuls I think.
James Acaster Yeah, I'd agree with that. It's the kind of dish that you only want as a side dish really, I don't want it as a starter.
Mae Martin No
James Acaster That's gonna, it's too big.
Ed Gamble That would kill the rest of the meal.
James Acaster I don't want it as a main, I'd be sick. A side dish is perfect.
Mae Martin And I want it served in a nice little pot, like a little clay pot, maybe.
James Acaster Oh no.
Ed Gamble The poor clay man is going to, 'that's my mother'.
James Acaster 'What have they done to you? They've dumped you full of lobster and mac and cheese.'
Ed Gamble I do, I might have said this on the podcast before. I think I always like the idea of Mac and cheese and then when I'm actually eating it, it's never as good as I hope it could be.
Mae Martin Oh, interesting.
Ed Gamble I think it's always just, I just want, I want it to be cheesier and cheesier. I almost think, yeah I want melted cheese really, I want a river of melted cheese.
Mae Martin Yeah, you want like a sharper cheese maybe.
Ed Gamble Mm I think so. But the lobster really helps I think.
Mae Martin Definitely. Maybe some bread crumbs on top? Mmm

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 30 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble Mmm.
James Acaster I think I've talked about my favourite ever Mac and cheese on the podcast before but I had it at a wedding and they put jalapeños in it.
Mae Martin Oh that sounds good.
James Acaster I could eat that forever, that was incredible. Benito's just said, 'yes you have' on the chat.
Ed Gamble The bane of Benito's life is editing out things that we've already said on the podcast before, because I've definitely given my hot take on mac and cheese before as well.
James Acaster I think lobster Mac and cheese is the perfect side dish. Again, I mean I don't know why you were nervous, you're nailing this so far.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
Mae Martin Thank you. I'm really pleased.
James Acaster And now we come to the drink, where others have fallen down in the past famously Joel Dommett with his protein shake.
Mae Martin Oh, come on. I'm going to go with, it's so hard to choose a drink that would go with everything so I kind of didn't think about that, I just thought what's my favourite drink, and I'm going with a classic whiskey soda. So, a shot of Jameson, I know I was down on soda water before but soda water and fresh lime. Very refreshing. I think I started drinking them because Jude Law drinks them in The Town to Mr Ripley and I was like, that guy's pretty cool. And then I sort of taught myself to like them and now it's all I kind drink. Like not during the day but you know.
James Acaster Right, let's say someone says to you, Mae Martin for the rest of your life you're only allowed to eat and drink what a certain character in a certain movie has.
Ed Gamble Oh good.
Mae Martin Yeah, this type of question fills me with such joy. This is great. So the actor or a character?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 31 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster I'm trying to decide whether it should be a specific character in one film or if it should be an actor and all the roles they've played and you could only have what they've had throughout their whole career on screen.
Mae Martin Because we know actors eat nothing. They eat boring food.
James Acaster Sure. So we wouldn't want it to be an actor in real life. I think it has to be a character in a film doesn't it?
Ed Gamble Yeah.
Mae Martin I think so. I'm sure in The Godfather they're eating some nice food sometimes, in those restaurants, some nice big food. But I think I'm gonna... Ahh, I said I like kid food before so I'm.. I know the characters I don't want, Rufio only eats paint or whatever.
Ed Gamble Imaginary, imaginary paint.
Mae Martin Imaginary food, yeah. The penguin eats raw fish. Um I think I'm going to go with, in the movie Stand By Me, it's set in the fifties, favourite film, love it. But, they just, they buy like burger meat from the burger shop and they go and make a fire in the woods and they cook it over the fire and it just is very wholesome. And they talk a lot about Pez, they love cherry flavoured pez, it's just like kid food but out in the woods, it's the whole environment, so I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with that. But if, I'll think about it and get back to you.
Ed Gamble It's a bit of a theme to some of your choices you know, you're out in the woods and there's a babbling brook, you're cooking burger meat on a fire, it's a very sort of a natural, outdoors-y way of approaching food.
Mae Martin Well, I'm Canadian, you know. A lot of my formative memories were in the woods you, in long summers.
Ed Gamble The true Canadian choice of course would be to eat like the Mounty from Due South.
Mae Martin Well yeah, and he probably eats like moose or something.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I think he eats moose but then of course there's, is the other character called Ray Vecchio? I don't know where that's come from.
James Acaster It sounds like someone else who eats paint.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 32 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble The New York cop right?
James Acaster The thing is with the Stand By Me thing is that you've also got to see a dead body at some point.
Mae Martin Yeah, that's true. But you know I'm not, I'm not averse to it because it's a coming of age thing for them, I'm sure it would be for me as well.
James Acaster Yeah
Ed Gamble Yes, the other character from Due South is called Ray Vecchio and that is, I can't believe I know that, and that's one of those pieces of information when it pops up, you go, what space is that taking in my mind? What is not there that should be there that I know that there's a character in Due South called Ray Vecchio.
James Acaster I think that's a good answer, the Stand By Me kids. I don't really know what I would choose, I was thinking about Side Ways, I'd like to try all the wine they have in Side Ways.
Mae Martin Yeah, they make it seem really good. But sometimes people that talk about wine are bullshitting a bit and it would all be a bit samey after a while.
James Acaster True.
Ed Gamble If we can stretch it out to tv characters, if that's possible, you mentioned The Godfather, Mae, made me think, Tony Soprano. The Sopranos food I think is just incredible, it looks so good.
James Acaster Mm. I don't know why I'm saying mm, I've never seen it but yeah.
Mae Martin Yeah, we've never seen it.
Ed Gamble Oh, it's just a lot of amazing Italian American food.
Mae Martin Big things of like sharing pasta.
Ed Gamble Veal cutlet. A lot of fried veal, delicious.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 33 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Oh yeah. When I was a kid growing up, all my stories start with that phrase, 'when I was a kid'. It's so embarrassing. Move on, you know. I, on the street I grew up on the corner there was a schnitzel restaurant, it said, The Best Schnitzel in Town, and, I never went there. It's not a good story but I always thought about it.
James Acaster When did you start drinking these whiskey sodas? When did that become your drink? Would you say it's your drink?
Mae Martin Yeah. Definitely, I'd say around twenty. Before that it was just, you know, whatever. Like I didn't know my limits. When you're a teenager it's terrible. There's a beer in Canada, they're called Cold Shots, and it's like ten percent beer and it tastes awful, like garbage, and I would drink those in my teens a lot. Yeah about twenty years old, I was like, now I'm a big, a big man, have some whiskey sodas like Jude.
Ed Gamble It is funny how we get influenced by that sort of thing. Like I think I only started drinking whiskey because like because of Mad Men or because of like, cool people drink it in films.
Mae Martin Totally.
Ed Gamble And I now like the taste but I'm sure there was a moment where I was like, 'I'm just going to have to power through this because I want to look like Don Draper.
Mae Martin Yeah, coffee's like that at first.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster Whiskey looks delicious in films before you've ever actually tried it. It looks like it's literally just a caramel drink that must taste like orange and caramel. Christmas oranges and caramel just all in a glass. And then you have it for the first time and it's like, what the, why are people drinking this? But then I had a Rob Roy, and I know I've definitely said this on the podcast before Benito before you say anything, but a Rob Roy, to me, tastes like how I imagined whiskey to taste like when I originally saw whiskey.
Mae Martin What is it, a Rob Roy?
James Acaster Bitters, whiskey, red vermouth. I think that is all that is in there but my oh my, when I discovered those, I was drinking them all the time. Come home, shake them up, slurp it down.
Mae Martin Would you really shake one up?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 34 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Yeah, well we had a cocktail, my friends at the time, well my flat mates , they were proper serious about cocktails, so he made me one, one night, a Rob Roy, I wanted to know how to make it. He said it's the easiest thing in the world, so I used there cocktail maker when I got in from a gig, felt really great. I loved it, I loved shaking it up, pouring it out.
Ed Gamble If you're drinking alone is it more or less depressing when you use a cocktail shaker.
James Acaster Excellent question Ed. More.
Mae Martin Yeah I think it's more, it's less cool and more depressing. Yeah yeah.
Ed Gamble The more you do for the drink when you're by yourself then the more depressing it is. So if you then put an umbrella in it or a little sparkler or something. A cherry
Mae Martin Oh, the sparkler's tragic, yeah. And like the lighter's not working and you have to ....
Ed Gamble Yeah, you cry and you cry and it puts the sparkler out. Yeah really depressing actually, yeah.
James Acaster Yeah, it's not great. I mean yeah, I definitely, when I was doing the shaker and I was on my own I didn't feel brilliant.
Ed Gamble Well I did a pickle back by myself in the kitchen the other day.
Mae Martin What's a pickle back?
Ed Gamble A pickle back is a shot of bourbon, and then you chase it with a shot of pickle juice.
Mae Martin Wow!
Ed Gamble And it's absolutely delicious and I love it but it's not something you should do by yourself standing up in the kitchen because it's a pretty bleak moment in your life.
James Acaster But these are lockdown times.
Ed Gamble A shot by yourself is sad. Yeah, these are lockdown times and I've just actually made some pickles, mainly because I know that I'm gonna drink the juice with bourbon.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 35 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Mmm that sounds good to me. Yeah it's lockdown, all bets are off. Definitely, all bets are off. I ate a jar of peanut butter one night.
James Acaster What, the whole jar?
Ed Gamble What in one sitting?
Mae Martin Yeah, in lockdown.
James Acaster Again, very surprised it's taken this long for this to come up in a food podcast. 'I've recently consumed an entire jar of peanut butter in one sitting'.
Mae Martin Cos I've been working out and my friend said, 'oh peanut butter's good protein, oh you should...', and I was watching Honey I Shrunk The Kids, a classic, and I had a jar of peanut butter and a spoon. Absolutely disgusting image, just on my own. But it was delicious.
Ed Gamble But you know when they say peanut butter's a good source of protein they don't mean a whole jar of it, right?
Mae Martin Yeah. Yeah, they mean like a protein bar, don't they?
Ed Gamble Yeah, they mean like, serving suggestions with peanut butter's crazy as well, it's like, a teaspoon is enough protein or enough calories, it's a bit like, hmm, as if anyone's ever gonna do that. I'm with you, I'd go to town on the jar like a big yoghurt.
James Acaster What kind of peanut butter was it? Crunchy? Smooth?
Ed Gamble Good question.
Mae Martin Um, it was, it's the, it's called Natural Earth. But it's not the really healthy kind, it's like, it is still sort of sweet and salty. It's not, I don't like the ones where you have to stir the oil in. You know what I
Ed Gamble Oh yep. Time for me to shout out my favourite peanut butter: Manilife. Manilife peanut butter, M-A-N-IL-I-F-E, absolutely changed my life hone I found Manilife peanut butter quite recently, it changed my mani-life, and you can quote me on that. I ordered like the kilogram bucket of it as well.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 36 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Oh wow, I'm going to google it.
Ed Gamble What I would say, if you order to the one kilogram bucket you're going to have to restrict yourself Mae, you can't eat one of those in a sitting.
Mae Martin What if I'm watching Honey I Blew Up The Kids? The sequel.
Ed Gamble Yeah, then you've got to. You've got to send us a picture of you eating an entire bucket of peanut butter in front of Honey I Blew Up The Kids.
James Acaster Yeah cos then you've blown up the peanut butter as well, haven't you?
Mae Martin Yeah, yeah
Ed Gamble No surely, then, you should watch Honey I Shrunk The Kids again cos then you can pretend you've shrunk.
Mae Martin Oh right, I see, with the giant peanut butter thing, yeah yeah that'd be good. It's a trilogy and the third one was straight to video and it's called Honey We Shrunk Ourselves, genuinely, I was googling it recently.
James Acaster The other two it makes sense because, when he's shrunk the kids he has to go up to his wife and say, 'Honey I Shrunk the Kids'. When he blows up the baby he has to say, 'I blew up the baby', when they've shrunk themselves, she probably knows right?
Mae Martin Yeah, she knows, yeah.
Ed Gamble But also, it's not the, the logical next step in the trilogy is actually, Honey We Kept The Kids The Same Size, right?
Mae Martin Yes, yeah cos it's all about the kids. Yeah.
Ed Gamble Yeah, Honey The Kids Are The Regular Size.
James Acaster Or, what you said earlier but with size to age, Honey I Just Zapped The Kids and They're Gonna Be The Same Size Forever and They Will Never Change Size.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 37 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble That's more tragic in a way, isn't it?
James Acaster Yeah, sorry kids, I know you feel okay today but in a few years this, you're not gonna like still being at school-aged size.
Ed Gamble Honey I Arrested The Kids in Time.
James Acaster Food wise in Honey I Shrunk The Kids, Mae, when he's eating the Cheerios, so put yourself in that position and you've shrunk down and you're in the Cheerios, would you, would you drink the milk?
Mae Martin Yeah definitely.
James Acaster Would you give the milk a little drink?
Mae Martin Definitely I've, yeah and I'm not bothered about the fact that my whole body's in it. I'm gonna drink the milk. Yeah yeah yeah.
James Acaster Would you? I think I would want to drink the milk.
James Acaster We arrive at your dessert, now we've talked a lot about puddings, throughout this episode, my kind of episode. When Ed's hungover, this guy grabs the wheel. We've been talking a lot about desserts. I'm excited about this.
Mae Martin Yeah, I'm nervous, I really, I really am torn between two things and kind of in keeping with some of the stuff we've talked about, about childhood and stuff, but, I guess I need to make a definitive choice don't I? So I'm going to say, oh fuck, I'm going to say white birthday cake, like a, like um a slice of cheap like Betty Crocker from a box, you know that stuff you make?
Ed Gamble Uh huh.
Mae Martin Wait, I want to go back to the other choice, I'm looking at your faces.
Ed Gamble No, I mean look, you were still doing it but it's because you were, you've lost all confidence half way through it. Sell it to us Mae.
Mae Martin Oh you're right. Okay, a white birthday cake, and I'm not saying vanilla, I'm saying white because

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 38 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble There's no flavour to it.
Mae Martin No, it's like a white sponge but very moist with like a white icing. Yeah, that's it.
Ed Gamble But so, you kept talking about it as if there were other things you were gonna add to it.
Mae Martin I know I really did but that's it. But I'm gonna change my answer and I'm gonna say, pumpkin pie.
Ed Gamble Ah okay
Mae Martin It's a Canadian classic, yeah, pumpkin pie. As I said it I was like, that's not good enough. After the meal I've just had, I don't want to feel this chemical feeling after I have the cheap white cake. I'm gonna go, pumpkin pie, which is very divisive. Some people think it's too vegetable-y, but a good pumpkin pie, nutmeg, cinammon, pumpkin mix with whipped cream, like freshly whipped. A Canadian classic at thanksgiving, that's what we're having.
Ed Gamble I really don't think I've ever had pumpkin pie really, you know, cos it's not really a thing here is it?
Mae Martin Not really, but they, I can make you one
Ed Gamble Thank you.
Mae Martin But they sell the stuff that, like in the ins, like the pumpkin mix, it's a particular brand and they sell that in some specialty shops here and then you can make it. Oh it's really good, it's like a kind of earthy flavour. Have you had it, James?
James Acaster Yeah, I love it, it's delicious. Growing up, my friend's mum, even though the family wasn't American but they lived in America for a short amount of time and so every Thanksgiving she would make a pumpkin pie and I would get in on that, and it was great. And also like, she was one of those friend's mum's who was like, as soon as she'd figured out what I was into she'd make more of it, so that there was more specifically for me.
Ed Gamble I was one of those kids as well. I was the little, the little greedy boy. 'Invite Ed over again, he eats food doesn't he, he likes all his food?'
Mae Martin But would she smuggle a, would she smuggle a ninja star back for you?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 39 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Within the
Mae Martin In the pie, within the pumpkin pie.
James Acaster Yeah, eat this carefully.
Ed Gamble Actually, the mum who did that for me was like a proper feeder mum as well like if I stayed over, she'd be like, cos her kid was like really skinny and wouldn't eat anything and then she'd be constantly like making me peanut butter toast, she'd be like, 'do you want some more?', it was like, 'well I've had six. Two more wouldn't hurt'.
James Acaster It sounds like she preferred you to her son.
Ed Gamble Yes.
Mae Martin It really does.
Ed Gamble Because I was a fat little boy with a ninja star.
Mae Martin I would, I would love that little boy.
Ed Gamble Fat ninja.
James Acaster Who wouldn't love a fat ninja?
Mae Martin I think there's a kind of, I think you put condensed milk in pumpkin pie too and that's a really specific flavour that I really like.
James Acaster Yeah, it is great, and I'm quite surprised Ed hasn't had it actually. It's the kind of thing that I think, Ed's been to America a lot, filmed a lot of stuff there.
Ed Gamble Actually we filmed something for Thanksgiving in America as well, at a family's house, and I don't think I had it then either. I just don't want to eat too much if I'm filming, I think. Maybe that was it, I had to stay in character, and if I got too into the pumpkin pie, Ed would have come out.
James Acaster Would you have pumpkin pie on Canadian Thanksgiving?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 40 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Yeah.
James Acaster Is Canadian Thanksgiving, I don't know enough about Canadian Thanksgiving. Is the story the same?
Mae Martin What, genocide? Yeah it's celebrating the genocide against the Native Americans, yeah, it's really bad. It's so bad, but it's just now we don't, we just have the meal, it's not like my family was like toasting to the spilt blood of Native Americans. But we would have the turkey and maple glazed carrots. Oh that was a really blank response to that.
Ed Gamble No, I'm taking it in to be honest, I was expecting James to absolutely jump on it, because you glaze anything and he's on board.
James Acaster I thought there was gonna be more, I thought there was gonna be more in detail, I was, I was like a captive audience at that point. You said maple glazed carrots and I was like, I'm here for the full duration of this, and then you went, end of story.
Ed Gamble Yeah, Mae you're actually quite talented at that. That was the white cake again where you really looked like there was gonna be some more detail.
Mae Martin True true.
James Acaster Here's the ingredients of white cake. You've got your cake and some icing. Uh, guys?
Mae Martin Um, the Thanksgiving thing, yeah the other element is usually sprouts and then also red cabbage, like cooked red cabbage, with kind of vinegar and sugar and... Yeah really nice.
James Acaster I've really gotten into doing that with leeks lately, of like chargrilling leeks and then doing it with vinegar and honey and getting them all over it.
Mae Martin So nice.
Ed Gamble James, I'm worried you're gonna burn yourself out with the leeks because this has been a lockdown thing, James has basically been in leekdown. Because, the hangover's gone!
James Acaster I don't mind that, that's good.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 41 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin He's back!
Ed Gamble I'm back baby! Forget about flobbing for apples, this guy's in leekdown. You've been having a lot of leeks, haven't you mate?
James Acaster Yeah, well you know, I'm, at the start of lockdown I started learning new recipes, learnt a handful of things, really liked them, carried on making them for the whole time, I kept thinking, this lockdown will be over soon. So I basically just did, yeah, I've been doing myself duck breasts, those chargrilled leeks, I've been roasting loads of potatoes and broccoli. I love roasting broccoli, it's covered in olive oil and lemon and garlic, and then getting it out and lobbing it around with some parmesan and black pepper and then eating that then whole time. There's this pasta that I've been making all the time, my girlfriend taught me to make. It's quite sad that she taught me to make it because it's quite simple
Ed Gamble What is it?
James Acaster Slice up chorizo, fry that up, slice up just broccoli, broccoli stalks, chilli and garlic, lob all that in with it, once the chorizo's done well enough then chuck a bunch of capers in there with that as well. You've got some pasta on the go that whole time, get a cup of the pasta water, chuck that in with what you're cooking, strain the pasta out, chuck the pasta in there as well, chuck loads of parmesan, grated parmesan in there, mix it all together, black pepper. Ah, I've been addicted to that, it's so good!
Mae Martin That sounds really good!
Ed Gamble A lot of chucking and lobbing going on with your recipes aren't there.
Mae Martin Yeah. This is something that I should have said at the beginning of the podcast and now we don't have time to go into it, nor should we, there's nothing to say except that my dad wrote a cookbook in the seventies, called The Seducer's cookbook, cooking for sex-ess, and it was spelt s-e-x. And it was about how to seduce women with food. Very problematic, imagine if it came out today.
Ed Gamble Mae, you say we don't have time to go into this. Cancel whatever plans you have, we're going to need to hear more about The Seducer's Cookbook, cooking for sex-ess.
Mae Martin Yeah, I think, he probably sold like twenty copies and he was in his twenties when he wrote it. but it was published properly and it was absolutely panned by critics cos they were not, even at the time they were like, this is weird, because it's like, how do you get inside a woman's pants by cooking. And secondly, all the recipes are like not sexy, they were all like pungent like wrong, just like kippers and stuff.
James Acaster Kippers?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 42 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Yeah I think he just kind of got a, maybe had a good meeting and got the book deal and then just panicked and wrote this... yeah. But it's, it is a real gem.
Ed Gamble Within the recipe does it say why it's like a seductive recipe, do you have to like present it in the shape of a knob or something?
Mae Martin Yeah it's, yeah everything's shaped like a knob. No it was like a sort of comic book, so it would give you examples of things you could say while you served it and like interesting music you could play, things like that.
Ed Gamble I absolutely love that.
Mae Martin The Seducer's Cookbook, it's so sinister.
James Acaster The Seducer's Cookbook. Was he, had he met your mother by this point?
Mae Martin Yeah I think he just kind of got a, maybe had a good meeting and got the book deal and then just panicked and wrote this... yeah. But it's, it is a real gem.
Ed Gamble Within the recipe does it say why it's like a seductive recipe, do you have to like present it in the shape of a nob or something?
Mae Martin Yeah it's, yeah everything's shaped like a nob. No it was like a sort of comic book, so it would give you examples of things you could say while you served it and like interesting music you could play, things like that.
Ed Gamble I absolutely love that.
Mae Martin The Seducer's Cookbook, it's so sinister.
James Acaster The Seducer's Cookbook. Was he, had he met your mother by this point?
Mae Martin No. No he had not.
James Acaster When they met, did she know about The Seducer's Cookbook or de he keep that a secret?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 43 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Mae Martin Yeah, I wonder if it was something he was proud of or
Ed Gamble Well it obviously worked for your mum, right?
Mae Martin Totally
Ed Gamble So did she enjoy the kippers?
Mae Martin She must have.
James Acaster So, I'm going to read your order back now Mae.
Mae Martin Okay.
James Acaster First of all, this is all with a hangover
Mae Martin The whole thing, I'm hungover yeah, for the whole meal.
James Acaster You must have a hangover. Water: still water from a babbling French brook, diverted to the Dream Restaurant under a full moon.
Mae Martin Yeah
James Acaster You would like warm baguette with butter and the little clay man will have some cookie crumble.
Mae Martin Yeah.
James Acaster Starter: cornucopia of shrimp, it's a Mae Martin original. Tempura, dumpling, fresh. Little clay man has cookie crumble again, get's that topped up.
Mae Martin Or worms, we don't know, he might have worms.
Ed Gamble Or worms, yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 44 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Or a worm actually. Main course, roast lamb from New Zealand with gravy, horse radish roast potatoes and cauliflower cheese. Side dish: lobster mac and cheese. Drink: whiskey soda. Dessert: pumpkin pie.
Mae Martin Yeah, the only thing I would do is add some of that broccoli you just described to the roast, roasted broccoli that and then, you said tossing it in parm and pepper, yeah. Put some of that on there, get something green.
James Acaster Absolutely, I'll add that in. I'll cook it myself, don't mind it. That sounds like a great meal Mae.
Ed Gamble Yeah Mae, I don't, you had no reason to be nervous about that at all, that is a great meal, and, I mean you nearly had a reason to be nervous with that white cake bullshit that you nearly threw in there.
Mae Martin I know, I'm so glad I changed my mind.
James Acaster Well thank you so much for coming on Mae. That was a delicious meal and you've been excellent company.
Mae Martin Thank you so much for having me.
Ed Gamble Yes, thank you Mae, it's the genie, that's honestly the first time the genie has ever complimented a guest on their company so, you've done very well there.
James Acaster Yeah.
Mae Martin I'm touched.
Ed Gamble Well there we have it, what a brilliant menu and what some lovely memories from the, from the Acaster canon.
James Acaster Oh, it made me feel so good, I was so glad that Mae brought it up and that it means as much to her and as it does to me. And also, after the podcast, Mae sent me a photo of me, on the yacht with some prosecco and you've got Sydney Opera House in the background.
Ed Gamble It's a wonderful photo.
James Acaster What a day.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 45 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
Ed Gamble I've never seen you happier, quite frankly.
James Acaster Ah, I was so happy. Weirdly, I'd completely forgotten about having prosecco on there because of how much I loved the shrimp anb the watermelon so seeing the photo of me with the prosecco was like, oh yeah, it was even better than I remembered it being.
Ed Gamble Well maybe we can put that photo up on the socials maybe, let everyone know what a lovely time you had.
James Acaster Yeah, I've sent it to Benito.
Ed Gamble You've mentioned the shrimp. Luckily she didn't say shrimp flavoured Primula/ Cheese and Prawns, because she was talking about talking about shrimp and I was like, uh oh, is she gonna throw a tube of Primula in there? I'll be honest I was never worried about it.
James Acaster Well, I, I started to think like, why have I chosen this secret ingredient for Mae? Why have I agreed that we have a shrimp thing when one of my favourite memories of Mae involves shrimp and I want her to talk about it. So I was very relieved cos, if she had said shrimp flavoured primula I would have also kicked myself out of the restaurant. I would have been like, bad waiter.
Ed Gamble That would not have made you feel good James. Actually, speaking of Feel Good, that's the name of Mae's tv show, starring Mae, starring the brilliant Charlotte Ritchie and that's available on All 4 ad Netflix worldwide, so you should go and watch that please.
James Acaster Absolutely.
Ed Gamble We've got loads of other things going on James.
James Acaster Yeah. In fact, Mae Martin has done my other podcast called James Acaster's Perfect Sounds about 2016 being the best year for music of all time. You did a music podcast as well Edward.
Ed Gamble I did, it's called Lifers, it's about people who have been in heavy metal for decades and keep going despite all the obstacles in their way, that's available on Spotify. And also, I do a Radio X show every Sunday with Matthew Crosby and that's available as a podcast from wherever you normally get your podcasts from. We've got a lot happening. Go on Off Menu official Instagram and Twitter, offmenupodcast.co.uk, buy some Off Menu merch, we've got amazing merch, go and get it. Go onto Apple podcasts, sling us a review. Our life is just so busy James, there's so much going on.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 46 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 88: Mae Martin
James Acaster Yeah, people don't understand that me and Ed actually run the website and every time you order one we've got to go over to box it up.
Ed Gamble Yeah, print it.
James Acaster We've got a lot of stuff to do. But we're happy to do it so that you guys get your tees, get your mugs, get your tee towels, your totes.
Ed Gamble But for now, we're shutting the shop on the shop on the restaurant for another week, and we'll see you soon. Bye bye.
James Acaster Take care of yourselves, have a spoonful on me.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 47 -

