Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Off Menu ­ Ep93 ­ Jessica Fostekew
Ed Gamble Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, we are the worm at the bottom of the tequila that is the internet. My name's Ed Gamble.
James Acaster My name is James Acaster. A drunk little worm.
Ed Gamble James is a drunk little worm if anyone had to describe, asked me to describe James I'd say, he's a sort of a drunk little worm guy.
James Acaster Drunk little tequila worm. I wonder what that's like. Is the worm alive?
Ed Gamble I don't know, I guess not. I'm assuming the worm's not alive because it's at the bottom of a bottle of tequila.
James Acaster I don't know, if it's like a little pond worm, it can survive.
Ed Gamble Although we'll probably get some messages. I think the worm's found in mezcal traditionally, rather than tequila.
James Acaster Oh really?
Ed Gamble Although I've never even seen a bottle with the worm in. I think it's mezcal, yeah.
James Acaster Do you remember Terravision?
Ed Gamble I do remember Terravision. Of course. Novelty band by virtue of their only hit being Tequila, but apart from that, quite well thought of within the sort of Kerrang! crowd.
James Acaster Yes! Their album, was it, How To Make Friends And Influence People, or whatever it was called, they, that did really well and then people were like, oh what a great band. And then later on they had a hit with Tequila, wasn't it a remix of it?
Ed Gamble Yeah probably. It was always remixes that did well back in the day. Anyway, I mean, we are in danger of sort of straying onto your other podcast's territory. I'd imagine you talk about Terravision, I don't really listen to it.
James Acaster I'll be bringing it up at some point on that podcast.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble This of course is the Off Menu podcast where we talk about food. More specifically we have a special guest and we ask them James.
James Acaster Their favourite ever starter, main course, side dish and drink. And this week's guest is
Ed Gamble Jess Fostekew
James Acaster Jessica Fostekew
Ed Gamble We'll go with Jessica Fostekew. Yes. Brilliant brilliant comedian, brilliant podcast host as well. She's got a, also a food podcast, called Hoovering.
James Acaster Yeah, called Hoovering, we've both done it. Brilliant podcast.
Ed Gamble We have, she brought, did it ages ago, she brought beetroot soup over to my house
James Acaster Delicious
Ed Gamble I think I spilt, spilt quite a lot of it, but it was very very nice.
James Acaster Fantastic. I started out with Jess on the comedy circuit and it's so great to see her doing so well now. She's such a brilliant comedian, I've always been a fan, thrilled to have her on the podcast. However, even though we love her, if she mentions the secret ingredient, we will have her kicked out of The Dream Restaurant.
Ed Gamble We'll have her kicked out of The Dream Restaurant, we'll kick her out of the Zoom because, I should say, this is a home-cooking episode, we're all in our separate homes
James Acaster Yeah. Hemp seeds. That's the secret ingredient this week, hemp seeds. So help me God.
Ed Gamble I don't even really know what they are, I just, I'm not, just get all that stuff off. Faff. If i can blow it off the plate, I don't want it.
James Acaster Interesting. If you can blow it off the plate you don't want it. I didn't know that was a rule with you.
Ed Gamble Well I didn't realise either until I said it, but you know what, I'm willing to stand by that.
James Acaster You don't like seeds, any sort of seeds.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble Well what seeds are we talking? Hemp seeds, no they're quite
James Acaster Poppy seeds, pumpkin seeds.
Ed Gamble But I don't think I could blow pumpkin seeds off, I don't really like pumpkin seeds but I don't think I could
James Acaster You couldn't blow a pumpkin seed off your plate?

Ed Gamble They're quite heavy aren't they? It depends what
James Acaster How heavy do you think it is that you couldn't blow it off the plate? How weak do you think you are?
Ed Gamble Well I'm sorry I've not used my lockdown properly I've not been testing what seeds I could blow away.
James Acaster I reckon you could blow any seeds you wanted off a plate.
Ed Gamble No. Not a pumpkin seed.
James Acaster What seeds do you reckon you'd struggle with?
Ed Gamble A lot of them. I'm thinking like things that would just be immediately blown off. Poppy seeds I could probably blow off of my plate but I would definitely have to puff.
James Acaster Yeah. You could definitely, not probably.
Ed Gamble I'd have to puff.
James Acaster You wouldn't have to puff. It weighs nothing.
Ed Gamble But what other seeds are there? Pumpkin seeds.
James Acaster Straight away. Sunflower seeds, straight away.
Ed Gamble No, couldn't blow them.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster You couldn't blow a sunflower seed?
Ed Gamble No.
James Acaster Are you mad?
Ed Gamble But sometimes, so like sometimes a poppy seed might be stuck on a bagel, if it's stuck on a bagel I couldn't blow it off the bagel so it's fine it's earned it's place.
James Acaster Right, cos it's stuck on the bagel.
Ed Gamble Cos it's stuck on the bagel. There's a reason for it to be there. Hemp seeds are quite, like very light aren't they, like feathery, in my mind.
James Acaster Uh huh, yeah.
Ed Gamble Unless I'm thinking of the wrong thing.
James Acaster They're definitely lighter, I'd say, than the seeds we're talking about, but I'm just saying
Ed Gamble I'm confident I could blow the hemp seeds off a plate
James Acaster Yes, but like you could with all the other seeds we've mentioned as well.
Ed Gamble No, I couldn't blow sunflower seeds off the, I couldn't, they're really heavy
James Acaster If everyone listening to this can film themselves blowing various seeds off of plates to show Ed how easy it is and send tweet them to him that would be very much appreciated.
Ed Gamble But I don't, if you've got to puff, that doesn't count for me.
James Acaster What are you talking about?
Ed Gamble So I'm talking about if I was eating it and just like... I just did quite a concentrated breath and they went off, that would be annoying to me.
James Acaster Well that's not blowing, is it?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Ed Gamble If I had to do that.
James Acaster Do you think that every time you're breathing in and out you're blowing in and out?
Ed Gamble Yeah, blowing air, that's what I call it.
James Acaster No, you're breathing. Blowing is like a proper, that's a
Ed Gamble Right, well I don't like hemp seeds.
James Acaster Me neither. For different reasons.
Ed Gamble Right, well we agree on that.
James Acaster Yeah we agree on that one.
Ed Gamble We can agree that that we don't like it cos we could blow it off the plate.
James Acaster No that's not what I said, that's not my reason.
Ed Gamble Well that's not the, hemp seed's the secret ingredient and if she says them, she's out of here. And I hope it doesn't happen because I'm a fan.
James Acaster Well, fingers crossed. Oh, is that Jess at the door?
Ed Gamble Well it must be. This is the Off Menu menu of
Ed Gamble and James Acaster Jessica Fostekew.
Ed Gamble Jess Fostekew, welcome to The Dream Restaurant!
Jessica Fostekew Hey, thanks for having me!
Ed Gamble It took us a while to get up and running for this one but now we're here and it's worth it. There were, there were some issues getting into The Dream Restaurant because The Genie forgot the key but now, here we are, ready to go, ready to take your order.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Jessica Fostekew Yeah

James Acaster Welcome Jess Fostekew to The Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.

Ed Gamble Now Jess, you're, it's obviously a long time coming that you, you should have been on this podcast a while ago, you're an OG food podcaster, you're putting food podcasts out in the world,

James Acaster Yes

Ed Gamble This is the official food podcast crossover.

Jessica Fostekew Yes!

Ed Gamble Right? This is what the people have been asking for.

James Acaster We've put our beefs to one side, no pun intended, and we've got you on the pod. That's why you haven't been on.

Jessica Fostekew There's just too much beef.

Ed Gamble There's so much beef. Although, we have both been on your podcast to be fair so I think you, you didn't know about the beef.

Jessica Fostekew No I didn't.

Ed Gamble Recognise this scarf Jess?

Jessica Fostekew Oh, you've still got my scarf!

Ed Gamble Still got Jess' scarf from when she came over to my flat to record, to record her podcast and let me tell you Jess, I don't live in that flat anymore, I've moved house, and I've still got your scarf.

Jessica Fostekew Oh Ed. You're so lovely for keeping it.

Ed Gamble Either very conscientious or very weird. It is a nice scarf.

Jessica Fostekew You're very kind for keeping all of it, it's gonna be one of those things where every time we meet for the rest of our lives we go, ah, I didn't bring that scarf again.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble You're going to come and visit me towards the end of my life in an old people's home towards the end of my life and your scarf is going to be a shawl over my horrible knees.

James Acaster I'm going to have horrible knees when I'm old I think.

Jessica Fostekew Do you reckon?

James Acaster Yeah, they've been pretty bad during lockdown, whatever workout I was originally doing really messed my knees up and now my knees hurt all the time. I've gotta do yoga to make them not hurt, but during yoga they hurt and I'm thinking I'm actually probably making them worse.

Jessica Fostekew Oh, so when you say horrible knees you mean painful knees rather than horrible to look at which is, I think, what Ed was going for by... you don't have to shroud them in a shawl you just have to medicate them with pain relief.

Ed Gamble Yeah.

James Acaster I think, the fact they feel bad now means they'll look bad when I'm older.

Ed Gamble Do you think? They'll look horrible. Maybe they'll still look really young when you're older and then they'll just be powder inside.

James Acaster Imagine that. What like a little stress ball?

Ed Gamble Yeah.

Jessica Fostekew A couple of little stress balls.

James Acaster Yeah yeah.

Ed Gamble That would be good if your knees were like stress balls and you could just really give them a good old squeeze. That'd be lovely. Now Jess, you, you're poster for your last show was you weightlifting so I'd imagine you've got real strong knees, right?

Jessica Fostekew Got really muscle-y knees? Yeah really hench knees actually, yeah. I dunno, I dunno how much you guys can lift in terms of knee ups but many hundred kilograms I can knee up.

Ed Gamble Normally at this point we'd ask if our guest was a foodie or were into food but we know you are already so we've just gone straight for knee chat, which is the next thing down on the list.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Jessica Fostekew Yeah, absolutely.

James Acaster Always. We rarely get onto it actually on this podcast. Normally we ask them about food and the knee chat's there as an emergency one. We've never broken the glass so early.

Ed Gamble So genie, ge-knee, ge knee.

James Acaster Ge-knee. Oh man.

Ed Gamble Come on.

James Acaster Do you know what? You're firing on all cylinders today. Me and Jess, I speak for myself, I'm exhausted after all the technical difficulties, I'm not even in the, I'm not in the room mentally right now, but you

Ed Gamble Mate, I'll tell you what's happened. I got up really early cos I couldn't sleep because it is a thousand degrees. I had a coffee, did a little workout, had another coffee and then I've poured myself a giant glass of cold brew which I made last night so, I am firing on all cylinders but I've, I've got about, there's about a ten minute window before I crash.

Jessica Fostekew Yeah. What is cold brew? Is it just cold coffee, black coffee? Or has it got sugar?

Ed Gamble It is cold coffee but I always used to try and make cold brew by making a hot coffee and then dumping loads of ice in, that's not how you should do it. I've since brought a jug because it should be brewed cold, hence cold brew, rather than brewed hot. So I've got a jug and you just put ground coffee in, fill it up with cold water and then I put it in the fridge for like twelve hours. So it's like coffee but made cold and it is absolutely delicious.

James Acaster Do you mix it with anything because the best ones that I've had are ones that have a bit of a fruity quality to it as well.

Ed Gamble No sir. I'm not putting any fruit in my cold brew. I think you can put some like citrus fruit or something in, it's just black coffee, cos that's what I drink anyway.

Jessica Fostekew Oh like I suppose I was about to think that sounds repulsive, and say it out loud, which I've done now, but I, then I remembered iced tea, that's lush with all different bits of fruit in it, isn't it? So, I need to shut up and open my mind. Shut my mouth, open my mind.

Ed Gamble That's, we're going to be telling you that throughout the podcast I think.

Jessica Fostekew Shut your mouth and open your mind

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Shut your mouth and open your mind.

Jessica Fostekew It's a good motto for life isn't it? Twitter should be told that.

Ed Gamble That coffee's really dipping off now, so shall we at least get water and starter under our belt before I have to have a nap?

James Acaster Sure sure, yeah, yeah. Do you want still or sparkling water Jess?

Jessica Fostekew Because this is like a dream meal, right?

Ed Gamble Mm-hm

Jessica Fostekew Like, of dreams. I'm going to bin off ethics completely here. Is that alright?

Ed Gamble Cos that's the dream. That's the dream of course is to ethics.

James Acaster Are we going full Hannibal?

Jessica Fostekew Well the dream is, the dream is that ultimately, yeah, is that eating has no consequence. So yeah. So sparkling because normally I mean I drink sparkling water, but I just assume that if you have it in a restaurant maybe, it's more likely to come in a glass bottle. Basically I don't buy it in day-to-day life because it's just loads of plastic bottles and I haven't got a Sodastream or another fizzy making thing. But I love fizzy water the most of all the waters but it's one of those things I feel like I have to earn. Or it feels like a treat, but that's ridiculous because it's the same water but just aerated isn't it? I'm friends with this really amazing Scottish author called Rose Ruane and she calls it jaggy water. And I love that because in Scots that jag, jag is anything like spiky all prickly.

Ed Gamble It sort of makes it seem like the water's starting on your mouth.

Jessica Fostekew Yes, yeah, jaggy water yeah. Really aggressive water.

Ed Gamble Bu that's right isn't it? When you have a sip of sparkling water and the water's going like, 'come on mate, what you looking at?'.

James Acaster It's all kicking off.

Jessica Fostekew It feels like the difference between, still water's like brushing your teeth in the olden days and jaggy water is like, when you get your first electric toothbrush and your teeth are like wooooooo yeah!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Yeah, agreed.

Ed Gamble It really is a it really is a party in your mouth.

James Acaster Yeah, it brushes your teeth, I've said it a million times before and finally a guest has agreed with me.

Ed Gamble I don't think Jess is agreeing with you that sparkling water is a replacement for an electric toothbrush.

James Acaster Hmm, we'll see about that. Jess get this, recently I met a thirty-three-year-old you had never heard of a Sodastream, didn't know what one was.

Jessica Fostekew Oh really.

James Acaster Yeah, had no concept of it. And when I say I met a thirty-three-year-old, it's my girlfriend who I've been going out with for over a year but

Ed Gamble But when you found out she didn't know what a Sodastream was you felt like you'd only truly met her for the first time, right?

James Acaster Yeah. I was like, who is this? And she's from Manchester and she said, 'oh it must just be a Southern thing, Sodastreams'.

Jessica Fostekew No, because I have a thirty-three-year-old girlfriend who's Scottish and she owns a Sodastream so

James Acaster There you go

Ed Gamble Oh right, so you've got an exact comparison. You have a thirty-three-year-old girlfriend who owns a Sodastream

Jessica Fostekew yeah

Ed Gamble Well, there we go, absolutely in your girlfriend's face James.

James Acaster To be fair, that could not have come at a better time, that piece of information. I literally stopped there to picture myself winning an argument after this.

Jessica Fostekew Ooh, that's a lovely feeling.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Hello, just, have you got a map on you? Maybe get that out. I was just wondering where Scotland was before we have a little chat. Nah, I think that's very good. Also jaggy, the only time I've heard Jaggy before is the band Biffy Clyro did a song called There's No Such Thing As a Jaggy Snake.
Jessica Fostekew No!
James Acaster And they're from Scotland. I thought they'd made the word jaggy up but now
Ed Gamble Well, hang on, what do they mean by that?
Jessica Fostekew A bumpy snake or a spiky snake?
Ed Gamble A bubbly snake?
Jessica Fostekew Bunky, bumpy, I said bunky that's not a word.
James Acaster Fizzy?
Ed Gamble A fizzy snake. But I mean, there is such a thing as a fizzy snake, we all know they are, they're delicious.
James Acaster Absolutely, I love them.
Jessica Fostekew Oh yeah, I've just remembered what you mean. Yes please!
James Acaster Did you like fizzy sweets when you were a kid?
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, I preferred and still do, I'm not that into sweets, huh sorry
James Acaster Hmmm boy
Ed Gamble Oh God, warning signs
Jessica Fostekew But I preferred and still do the sour fizzy ones, if it's sour and fizzy I'm all over it.
James Acaster Okay

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble How sour are we talking though? Toxic waste?
Jessica Fostekew No, I mean Tangfastic. I've never had a sweet that was too sour for me. But I don't feel like I've been truly challenged.
James Acaster Sure
Jessica Fostekew I've not gone to any of those specialist places and gone, 'give me your sourest sweet, dicks'.
Ed Gamble I mean, I don't know why you're being so jaggy in the sweet shop.
James Acaster Yeah you're being very jaggy in the sweet shop I think, after your jagtastics. I don't like Tangfastics.
Ed Gamble What?
James Acaster Yeah I know. I think it's cos once I was in a train that derailed and to try and cheer the passengers up they handed out Tangfastics, and now I, now I associate it with trauma.
Ed Gamble I would say that's the last thing I'd want if I'd been through a traumatic experience would be to eat a very sour sweet.
James Acaster Yeah
Ed Gamble I'd want something smooth and comforting right?
James Acaster Yeah one hundred percent. And also I was at the back of the carriage and I was watching the Tangfastics make their way to me. So you know that, well I'm lucky if I get cola bottles here, do you know what I mean? Everyone else is going to take all the good ones, the dinosaurs and stuff
Jessica Fostekew Also, I'm not sure something smooth and comforting is that practical if you're in a traumatic like, if there's been a terrible train accident, how are they going to manage to come around and give everyone a small pot of macaroni cheese?
James Acaster Yes
Ed Gamble Yeah, it's more prep isn't it, to be fair, than a bag of Tangfastics.
Jessica Fostekew It is more prep

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
James Acaster What would be your ideal sweet after a train accident Jess?
Jessica Fostekew I think minstrels would be, a bag of minstrels would be a bit more comforting than a Tangfastic.
Ed Gamble Oh yeah. You know what, i thought it was a stupid question and your answer has just justified the question. Because it's the correct answer, I think, a bag of minstrels. Not revels cos you want predictability don't you?
James Acaster Oh, if you handed out a bag of revels after a train accident.
Ed Gamble Yeah, first I've been in a train accident and now I've got a coffee one!
James Acaster Yeah yeah. That's, that's, that's the. I think you have both named the best and the worst sweets that could be handed out. Minstrels, number one best one. Revels, the worst after any sort of traumatic event.
Jessica Fostekew Except if I was in the train because I'm the only person in the world who loves coffee revels and would have everybody's elses, I would forego my bag of revels just to go around and have everyone's coffee one for them
James Acaster Wow
Jessica Fostekew Does that make me like a hero?
James Acaster Yeah actually!
Ed Gamble I've never met anyone who likes the coffee revels. I don't mind them, it's a bit of a sort of stereotype isn't it, that the coffee revels are the worst ones
James Acaster Sure
Ed Gamble I don't mind them but I'm certainly, if I'm popping a revel in my mouth I'm disappointed if it's the coffee. Cos really I'm looking for an orange, I'm looking for a Malteaser, I'm looking for
James Acaster You're looking for an orange?
Ed Gamble I love an orange one

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster I don't like the orange one, I like chocolate orange but I find the revels chocolate orange too powdery, like my knees.
Ed Gamble But that's why I like them. I bite down into the orange one and I go, ah it's like my friend James' knees.
James Acaster It reminds you, reminds you of your pal. Now Jess, before we move on, just quickly rank all the revels in order from worst to best.
Jessica Fostekew Okay, so, raisin, worst. Um, is there a nut one?
James Acaster Is there a nut one? It feels like there should be a peanut one but then
Jessica Fostekew I don't think there is.
James Acaster I don't think there is.
Jessica Fostekew And then I'll go orange, and then I'd go Malteaser, and then I'd go, ah sort of like a, ah like a shellless minstrel, solid chocolate, like a slug to a snail, a minstrel would be. And then, top of the, top of the tree coffee. Sorry if I've missed one.
Ed Gamble I'm now obviously on the revels wikipedia page.
Jessica Fostekew Great.
Ed Gamble Originally revels had orange creme, coconut, toffee, toffee or peanut centres, along with Galaxy Counters, minstrels minus exterior shell and Malteasers. The coconut centres were later replaced with coffee cream and the peanuts were replaced with raisins. Original revels flavours also included Turkish delight which was withdrawn after five years and in 2008 they had a Big Brother style eviction campaign where one flavour from the bag will be replaced by a special limited-edition flavour.
Jessica Fostekew Oooh!
James Acaster Is it too early to say this is our best episode?
Jessica Fostekew I think toffee I forgot toffee, toffee's still in it. That hard toffee
James Acaster Yeah, toffee's still in it. Which is my favourite actually.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Jessica Fostekew Ah is it? Okay I would put
Ed Gamble Is it? No
Jessica Fostekew I'd put it above, for me, just under Malteaster actually.
James Acaster Yeah
Jessica Fostekew Lower half of the, lower half of the league.
James Acaster Yeah, it's in the relegation zone but it's surviving.
Jessica Fostekew Is there any that we'd all agree is top half?
Ed Gamble No cos I think I'd go raisin top
Jessica Fostekew Whoa whoa whoa!
James Acaster What the?
Ed Gamble The thing is I love a chocolate raisin, I love a chocolate raisin, I love a yoghurt raisin, I love anything within the genre of covered raisins. Coffee isn't too bad but it's not bottom, but I think toffee might be bottom for me because it's too chewy.
James Acaster What the hell? Sorry Grandpa.
Ed Gamble Also, coffee was briefly replaced by strawberry.
Jessica Fostekew Oh fuck off.
Ed Gamble Yeah I agree, fuck off.
Jessica Fostekew I hate strawberry flavoured things or banana flavoured things. Unless it's a strawberry or a banana don't take its flavour and put it somewhere else.
Ed Gamble I agree

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Amazingly, I find chocolate covered raisins and even more so yoghurt covered raisins, to be a great idea
Ed Gamble Perfectly executed
James Acaster When I see them I'm like, I can't wait for this I'm going to eat all these chocolate covered raisins, I feel sick so quickly, even more so with yoghurt covered raisins. Like they make me feel sick Ed.
Ed Gamble Oh really?
James Acaster Yeah, not like disgusted by them but actually just physically like I'm going to puke.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah
Ed Gamble And you have such a capacity for sweet things.
Jessica Fostekew I think it's just that it's a sweet thing covered by another sweet thing, like you kind of, like a malteaser is biscuity, it's not that sweet. I dunno, it's double sweet. Also, there's so many foods where it's really nice when it gets a bit that's stuck in your teeth, like that's the point of it, but with a chocolate covered raisin I find that very annoying, I don't want it to still be there when I've finished it.
Ed Gamble It just seems like a real witch hunt.
James Acaster Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread Jess?
Jessica Fostekew I listened to your episode with very funny and amazing Louis Theroux but the one bit that made me go, hang on, do you wanna fight, is when he, he said, 'why would anyone have bread because you'd be so full up?', and I thought, yeah yeah yeah, you might. But I am gonna say popadoms. But I think it's because, it's so only when you go to like a nice restaurant that anyone would give you some bread before your dinner. I think that's just such a sign that you're having a really exciting time out and about, but I am gonna go popadoms over bread because, purely for the love of the dips. For the love of dips. The popadom itself is kind of an okay thing but it's really just a shelf for exciting things. Also, I have a, I really like getting way too many popadoms if you're having a take away because I secretly like them all bendy the next day. If I'm gonna have them crispy I want them loaded up with like a really fit lime pickles and really mustardy pickles and stuff and all the tangy ones and hot ones but if it's gonna be on its own, and then I do love it on its own, it's got that little bit of a bend in it the next day, oohh bring it on.
James Acaster So, personally, I'm not a fan of the bend the next day. In fact, I would say I desperately try to finish all the ones that, you know, on the night, cos I'm like oh no otherwise these are a write-off tomorrow. So it's very interesting to meet someone who prefers, I don't think I've ever met anyone who prefers the stale bendy popadoms the next morning.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Ed Gamble Yeah but she also likes the coffee revels mate, so you gotta think that through.
James Acaster Yeah, this is quite an intriguing pallet.
Ed Gamble Jess is a maverick when it comes to taste. Do you want us to, so at The Dream Restaurant would you like some fresh ones with the dips and then every so often we'll, every so often in the pile there'll just be a bendy one and you never know when it's coming, a la Revels.
Jessica Fostekew Oh my god it's the most exciting, I'd never even thought that that might be an option, imagine if that could ever happen in real life. I'm gonna have actual dreams about this dream meal because of that. Oh yeah.
James Acaster How bendy do you want it? Do you want it bendy enough that we could feasibly make a wrap out of all the dips with the popadom?
Jessica Fostekew Yes exactly. No that's exactly what I want and I want some, I like the idea that you can like, you can basically fold it up. Ooooh. A big salty
James Acaster Yeah
Ed Gamble Like a big floppy dog's ear?
Jessica Fostekew Not hairy, you're making it sound hairy and hair on anything ruins it. Oh god yes please, popadoms with all the dips.
Ed Gamble It's rare we got a unique choice for this course because obviously, you know, it's popadoms or bread, it's a very binary choice. And somehow we've got a floppypop, floppypoppies
James Acaster Flopadoms, we've got flopadoms, come on
Jessica Fostekew Flopadoms! That sounds rude.
Ed Gamble Flopadoms!
James Acaster Right, well we'll absolutely get you your flopadoms, don't worry about it.
James Acaster So we come to your starter. The big leagues now. I mean really it's small leagues starters. No one really cares about them, I mean they're no one's favourites.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble That's the best course. The best course.
Jessica Fostekew Oh shut up. Not, oh no
Ed Gamble Oh, you alright Jess?
James Acaster You alright? What's happened?
Jessica Fostekew I'm just worried that I, I don't know, I didn't expect to feel like this much of a freak but starters is my favourite course.
Ed Gamble No don't worry, don't feel like a freak, you're on my side. James is trying to rile me up.
Jessica Fostekew Oh
Ed Gamble Starters are my favourite course
Jessica Fostekew Starters are my pudding.
Ed Gamble Yes! Starters are my pudding, yes! Can we both get that as a tattoo, 'starters are my pudding'? Yeah
Jessica Fostekew Yes, starters are my pudding! I actually might do that, I've been waiting for ages, I've been waiting thirty seven years to think of something I like good enough to tattoo onto my body and starters are my pudding might be it. My, I've got a really naughty four year old and he did a brilliant thing during lockdown where, because I sort of got into a pattern of letting him have a pudding after every, like lunch and dinner, just to sort of get him to eat each thing and then one time he, he was like, 'I don't want this mate'. And it was like a nice pasta and he was like, 'I'm absolutely sick of this mains, I'm just so sick of all mains', and I was like, 'alright, well don't worry, you know, whatever, you don't have to eat it', and he went, 'but I want, I just want a different thing, I want the thing from afterwards'. And I was like, 'you want pudding before you've even had mains?', and he was like, 'not pudding' and I was like, 'what then?', and he went, 'sweet mains'. He tried to reclassify pudding as sweet mains to see if he could, just sort of survive on just puddings.
James Acaster I tell you what, you might want to take a good long look at me because this is what your son's gonna look like when he's older. Absolutely heading that way.
Ed Gamble A little Acaster in training, sweet mains.
James Acaster Sweet mains, that's my kinda guy.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Jessica Fostekew Sweet sweet mains.
James Acaster Is he available to appear on a podcast? This child?
Ed Gamble But starters, I'm all about the starters.
Jessica Fostekew Starters, so, I'm not very good at choosing, like I get a sort of a joyful, a sort of happy kind of overwhelmed in restaurants where there's more than one option to be honest because I like everything, I love everything. So I just never know what to pick and so if I could, can I get like a, kind of a bento box but not of, not of Asian things. Could I get like a tiny amount of different things on the same plate or box or whatever?
Ed Gamble So you'd like a box with the sort of little individual section yeah.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, with like a tri of different things
Ed Gamble A prison tray?
Jessica Fostekew Yep, like a prison tray please.
James Acaster We can still call it a bento, actually because it's the Off Menu podcast we should call it the Benito box.
Jessica Fostekew Yes, the Benito box!
James Acaster Yes.
Jessica Fostekew Isn't that the name of like a kind of a burrito chain?
Ed Gamble Benito's Hat is the name of the burrito chain.
Jessica Fostekew Benito's Hat, my bad.
James Acaster I've heard they're good. I've never been in myself because it reminds me too much of The Great Benito.
Ed Gamble Work

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Jessica Fostekew Your producer. So, in one, there would only be three sections to the prison tray, in one section I want some, like so fresh calamari that's like hours hours away from having been in the sea. Because that like, I had it in Greece once and I watched the ship, like ship, this tiny little boat come in and the squid's come off it and he's like smacked them to death on the side of the stone quay.
Ed Gamble Wow you really have, you have thrown ethics right out the window, straight away.
Jessica Fostekew I did warn you I was gonna do that.
James Acaster Yeah, well you did warn us but, I, in my defence, when you said, 'I'm gonna abandon all ethics', I didn't think the words smacked to death was gonna come up later on.
Ed Gamble I thought you meant you were just have some meat, have something out of a plastic bottle, you're not going to watch your food be dashed against a rock.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, I want that, I want to watch
James Acaster And then put into your prison tray, which now we know why you've been locked up as well.
Jessica Fostekew Squid murder
James Acaster Smacked to death
Jessica Fostekew Joyful, psychotic squid murder. Yeah I want to watch the squid get thrashed to death by a fisherman, a Greek fisherman.
Ed Gamble Perfect.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, I've just never tasted anything like, I really like calamari even if it's rubbish, I'm not a snob about it, but when it's good and it kind of like just, just like gosh poof and vanishes in your mouth, as soon as it hits your mouth, oh god, I want that in one section. And then in another section I want an oyster but I want one, like a big Scottish one that's so snazzy that it tastes of all the scary and exciting things that oysters taste of but also a bit creamy and I want like Tobasco on that and loads of lemon on all these things.
Ed Gamble The first time I've ever heard snazzy used to describe shell fish. I liked it a lot, I'll be using it in future.
Jessica Fostekew Yay! And actually, I've just got into having a little bit of vinaigrette, like that little vinaigrette that they give you to put on an oyster. That's good.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Mmm, it's a must, it's a must for me.
Jessica Fostekew And now I'm going to go for the least ethical, I think potentially less ethical than watching a squid die before you eat it, in a violent way.
Ed Gamble What are you gonna do?
James Acaster What is this? Are you killing the fisherman as well?
Jessica Fostekew No
Ed Gamble My mind's going crazy here, what do you want to watch happening to the next animal?
Jessica Fostekew I don't want to watch anything happen but I want octopus because I think it's so delicious but I think it is the least ethical because they're so clever aren't they?
Ed Gamble Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew They can plan ahead and they haven't found any other animals that can plan ahead.
Ed Gamble Well, they can't plan that far ahead if they're getting eaten by you.
James Acaster Sure. That's not on their to-do list.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah. I mean I'm not saying they're cleverer than us
Ed Gamble They're not psychic
Jessica Fostekew But they're definitely cleverer than some people.
James Acaster How far ahead can an octopus plan, Jess?
Jessica Fostekew I don't know in terms of time but I know it can find an object, for example, discarded by a human and hide it and come back to it and use it for something later, like a coconut shell or whatever. I, I have to watch a lot of Andy's Aquatic Adventures on BBCbeebies or whatever it's called.
James Acaster Yes, is this with sweet mains?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Jessica Fostekew Yep, cos of sweet mains, sweet mains has taught, thanks to sweet mains I know a sort of weird amount about animals and dinosaurs now.
James Acaster Right, yep.
Jessica Fostekew I mean octopuses are basically utterly incredible and we really shouldn't eat them but they're really nice barbequed with loads of chilli and garlic.
Ed Gamble Yeah they are delicious.
Jessica Fostekew Also, they look like something, it looks like they're so clever they've designed their tentacles to look repulsive to a human but then any, as soon as you've overridden it and shut your eyes and eaten a bit for once, you're then like, oh, you've ruined it, that mask of disgusting lookingness doesn't work on me anymore.
Ed Gamble Why is it, why do you think it's less ethical because the octopus is intelligent? Isn't that like saying it's probably more okay to kill a thick bloke?
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, I think that's exactly what I'm saying actually.
James Acaster Yep, that's how things should work in court.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster 'What was the IQ of the victim?' 'Well, lucky for you...'
Ed Gamble I think that's a, I think that's a good line up of things
Jessica Fostekew Yeah
Ed Gamble Interesting you've gone calamari and octopus, very rare
James Acaster Yes, very rare.
Jessica Fostekew Well you know when you go to an amazing seafood restaurant and you get like, sometimes you just get like a sharing thing? That's my favourite cos you can try all the things. For someone who's sort of challenged when it comes to choosing, that's the dream isn't it?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 22 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Also I like that everything's from the sea in this starter. It makes sense.

Jessica Fostekew Do you two like things that are from the sea to eat?

James Acaster Yeah

Ed Gamble Love it. Absolutely love, love octopus, I really really like it. Just like chargrilled octopus, fried octopus. There, at Dumplings Legend in Chinatown they do a fried, just a fried octopus with chilli and salt

Jessica Fostekew Pwhoar!

Ed Gamble And it is phenomenal. Chilli, garlic and salt and oh it's just, it's just delicious.

Jessica Fostekew That was the one thing on the old starters thing that I was like what do I do here, do I try and make it all go together? Because the other element of starter world that makes my heart sing is like dumplings and dim sum but I was like no, keep it, just keep it simple!

James Acaster So, in Old Boy when he just eats the octopus raw and the actor did it in real life, was that octopus planning something at the time? Was he going, 'okay, I've just got this shoot to wrap up and then once I've done that I'm gonna go to my trailer and WHAT THE FUCK?!'?

Ed Gamble It had its whole career, its whole film career planned out in front of it.

James Acaster 'I've got to ring my agent after this, this film is, WHAT THE, WHAT YOU DOING? WHAT YOU DOING? NO STOP STOP'. What do you think about that actor doing that Jess? I always think about this.

Jessica Fostekew Do you?

James Acaster I just think it was so unnecessary, so especially when you watch it on the, when you watch it in the film you just think, I don't know how much that's really added to the film for me.

Jessica Fostekew I've never seen the film.

Ed Gamble It's the only bit I remember though.

James Acaster Well no there's another bit that I remember that's really horrible but it's right in the, it's right in the last bit. But he didn't do it for real. That's the thing, right, so later on, spoiler alert for anyone that hasn't seen Old Boy, at the end of Old Boy he cuts his tongue off

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 23 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Jessica Fostekew Oh yeah
James Acaster But, he only acts that. Do you know what I mean? Like it's all like, no I'm gonna be proper, do this film properly, if I'm gonna eat an octopus I've got to eat a proper live octopus, I'm gonna do it. What's the final scene, cut your tongue off? Okay well, I'm not gonna do that.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, little did he know because he probably thought, oh well if I cut my tongue off I'm never gonna work again because I can't act any talking but then little did he know, eat an octopus live as a stunt, you'll never work again anyway mate. Everyone thinks you're a really nasty bastard. Just like I'm never gonna work again after on your podcast I've said I'm happy to see a squid smashed to death in front of me and then eat it.
James Acaster Your main course Jess!
Jessica Fostekew Okay, so, I don't never eat meat but I very very very rarely eat meat anymore. So I'm going to go back to the heady days of when I did that and also I'm gonna choose, it's not gonna be
James Acaster Sorry I'm laughing cos I'm wondering if it's gonna be like, 'I would like a cow shot by a Spanish man with a bazuka please'.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah! I want yeah, a calf punched to death in front of me by an orphan. No I, not that bad, but I do want a steak. So basically, I used to, I want like a really posh surf and turf and I want the exact one that a chef called Ian Simpson made at a hotel I worked in when I was a teenager where I was on £3.50 an hour as a chambermaid. And er, I think I worked my way up actually, to, £3.50 was the top rate I was on, I was a chambermaid and then I like I made my way up to be a waitress. But we were never allowed to eat, the food was so posh there and he was the head chef and I'd get bollocked because you'd get so hungry taking this incredible food out to people and not being able to eat it, you know, knowing that you're going home to a fucking SuperNoodle at midnight, it was so heartbreaking and like, you'd take the plates back in and people would leave stuff and you'd just be like, you cunts, how could you. Anyway, like they'd take stuff back in to the person washing up and you just sort of, you quickly eat them up before you gave them back the plate. And if I got caught doing that I got the most horrific bollocking, like 'they could have coughed or sneezed on that', and actually, while I'm saying that during a pandemic it does feel like pretty disgusting. But at the time I was like, I don't fucking care that was really yummy. Anyway, once and only once I like saved up and, I think I went, I might have gone with a parent or a boyfriend at the time and went for a meal there. And it felt like a bit of a bus man's holiday and I felt a bit weird about it, it was like this place that I used to work and it was only like within a year of having stopped working there and it was just, I don't know, it was a bit of a stuffy restaurant in this old hotel. And then I ordered this surf and turf and it blew my mind. So I want that exact one, like I just didn't know, it was just a fillet steak with like a garlic butter over it, two or three prawns in their shells, like around the edge. That was it. I just had no idea that prawns or steak could taste like that. It was life changing. This was probably the first posh food I'd ever had, or cooked by a really good chef, that I'd ever had.
Ed Gamble Now obviously it does sound very nice but do you think it was all the quality of the food or do you think some of that taste was freedom?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 24 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Jessica Fostekew Yeah, there's a hundred percent an element of freedom in there.
James Acaster It feels a bit like you know, Pretty Woman, Julia Roberts going back to the clothing store kind of thing.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah! Yeah, there is an element of that.

James Acaster They caught you eating by the bins but now you've ordered a surf and turf.

Ed Gamble Did you wear your chamber maid's uniform so people were like, what are, what are you doing eating in the restaurant, you should be working! And you'd be like, not any more.

Jessica Fostekew I think that it would work really well if my chamber maid's uniform was like the stereotypical chamber maid's uniform like a sexy French maid or something that people think of but actually it was like a really disgusting burgundy tabard, so no.

James Acaster I'll be honest, I didn't know that chamber maid was still a job!
Jessica Fostekew Yeah! Well someone needs to clean hotel bedrooms.
James Acaster Sure, but I didn't think that the job was still called chamber maid.
Jessica Fostekew Oh, didn't you?
James Acaster No.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, they've probably snazzied it up a bit now and called it housekeeper's helper

James Acaster Housekeeper's helper?

Jessica Fostekew Er, bed changer. Towel, towel swapper.

James Acaster Towel swapper. A towel swapper doesn't sound like they're being employed by the hotel, it sounds like a rogue kind of like, someone on their own is sneaking around, swapping the old towels around and you don't know, oh maybe you're gonna get a fungal infection because the towel swapper's been in.

Ed Gamble This does sound good though. I like, whoever came up with surf and turf I think was my kind of person because they've obviously gone, you know normally you should have these things

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 25 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

separately but I'm going to invent a dish specifically jus to pile on as many things that I like as possible. And, if you come up with a nifty name you can get away with anything. 'Surf and turf'.

Jessica Fostekew Yes exactly, there's no like natural way that a cow should ever meet a prawn.

Ed Gamble No, apart from in like, in a surf and turf or sort of fun cartoon series.

Jessica Fostekew Yes!

James Acaster Yes. If a living cow meets a living prawn then there's probably a surf and turf about to happen. And I think that the cow would see the prawn and go, 'oh no'. It would instantly know.

Ed Gamble The prawn wouldn't

Jessica Fostekew The prawn wouldn't care.

Ed Gamble The prawn wouldn't know anything. The octopus would be like, I know exactly what's about to happen, I'm out of here.

James Acaster Uh oh. Quick, plan my exit strategy.

James Acaster Uh oh. Quick, plan my exit strategy. The prawn: 'nice to meet you cow, what's going on?'.

Ed Gamble 'You don't get a lot of cows around here'.

James Acaster 'Why do you look so scared?'. Tell me more about Ian Simpson.

Jessica Fostekew Yes! So he was a chef at this hotel. It's still there, it's called the Purbeck House Hotel in Swanage. And he was chef for years and there was another really wicked guy called Eric who would, who managed the restaurant and they were, sort of like, well they were mates and it was just the most fun place to work as a teenager because well, we just always got really drunk after work, in one of the turrets or in the sneaky in the sneaky little fosty bar. It was quite a sort of old people-y hotel. But anyway, it's just really lovely and I've stayed friends with them. When I got a bit older I did a bit of babysitting and stuff for Ian and his wife Liz and then they moved to Charmouth up the road in Dorset which is stunning, and opened their own like tiny really posh little hotel there. I went to stay there once or twice and we're still I went to stay there once or twice and we're still friends. So it's a nice happy ending to the Ian Simpson story but when I was first working there I was really scared of him because he was a really shouty chef. And they used to do pranks, whenever they got new young chefs in they used to do pranks on them. They got this guy, Darren, they'd send him down to the coop, the one supermarket in Swanage and make him ask for things like dangleberries.

James Acaster Oh dear

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 26 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble Oh Darren

Jessica Fostekew And, chicken nuts.

Ed Gamble Chicken nuts?

Jessica Fostekew Basically, 800 very creative words for testicle they would they would have him go to down to Budgens or coop and ask a staff member for. And he just did it again and again and again without realising that he was being diddled.

James Acaster Aw, I'd love it if, you know, Darren did go and ask for those things and like the shop keeper was like, 'they're having you on mate, all these things mean testicles. I tell you what you should do', and then he could have just gone back to the kitchen and went, 'hey Ian, I've got your dangle berries right here' and then whipped them out, whipped out his own balls, onto the chopping board, going, 'here's your sweet mains baby'.

Ed Gamble Ah well that's ruined sweet mains forever.

Jessica Fostekew Yep.

James Acaster Yeah, sorry. I don't, I know that's what you named your son and I don't want to ruin that for you.

Jessica Fostekew Sweet mains Fostekew!

James Acaster Yeah, Sweet Mains Fostekew.

James Acaster What's gonna be the side dish now?

Jessica Fostekew Oh god, I suppose actually then, I was gonna have some like triple fried chips from a really specific stall at End of the Road Festival, cos once, they're the best chips I've ever had and I'm from the seaside where I think the second best chips come from which is all chippies by the sea side. Yeah these ones, I'd had like a really terrible gastric flu. After Edinburgh. You know like after

Ed Gamble This is how all the best food stories start.

Jessica Fostekew You know after, well I don't know about you two but after Edinburgh festival every year my body goes 'FUCK YOU for doing that to me for a month, adrenaline-wise', and I just get an ailment like sometimes it will be, I've had everything from eczema through to whatever my body will just fall to bits for a couple of weeks after Edinburgh. And this year it was just this really intense gastric flu. And it had just passed, I'd not been able to eat anything which I hate in illness it stops me eating. It's

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 27 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

infuriating because when I'm not eating I'm very sad. Anyway, it was the first thing, I'd I'd tried to eat a few things and I'd just puked them or whatever, or worse, and just, oh, it was the first thing. Again probably they tasted of the freedom or the joy of being able to eat anything as much as anything else, but this stall that just did these triple fried chips. And this was a few years ago when it was it was probably the first time I'd ever seen something been like fried more than once, as if that was a good thing. And it bloody was actually. But, I'm not going to have those. I've talked about them from ages, for ages, only to say I'm not going to have them because I think I'm going to have sag aloo as my side, cos that's got potato in it as well. I love sag paneer as well but I think in this context, with that steak and prawn, I want sag aloo. I love spinach loads. You can have a shit sag aloo but even a shit sag aloo is really good and when it's super good and it's like. Oh, I don't know how to describe, I don't know how they do what they do to the spinach that makes it like nowhere ever grainy or bitter but like smooth but earthy but like a little bit spicy but maybe more peppery. Ah yeah, I want that
Ed Gamble Is there a specific place where you get the sag aloo from?
Jessica Fostekew It won't always be on the menu there because it's quite a fancy place that has a mixture of things but I'm going to say Babur in Brockley. It's like a, a sort of very high-end Indian restaurant but it's still super reasonable. And they'll do like a five-course tasting menu that will always have sag something in it. Last time I went there they didn't have sag aloo but I'm sure they'd rustle you one up. It's the same sag that'll be in their sag paneer and their paneer made me go, oh, I've never and paneer before like it's meant to be.
Ed Gamble Right.
Jessica Fostekew It was like all soft and, I thought, what?! It's not like that kind of almost brick of it that you can get in supermarkets normally that you have to like. It's kind of almost as much of a head fuck as tofu in terms of, oh, how are you meant to make this nice? Or absorb another flavour?
Ed Gamble Yeah I know what you mean, it's, they're daunting ingredients, right? Cos it's just like getting a bit of polystyrene, of going like, what the hell am I supposed to do with this? There is a way of getting flavour into it but, oh boy.
Jessica Fostekew Some kind of magic's involved.
James Acaster What did you say the place was called?
Jessica Fostekew Babur. B-A-B-U-R.
James Acaster Okay thank you. I thought you said Bill Burr.
Ed Gamble I'd absolutely love it if an Indian restaurant just called themselves Bill Burr.
James Acaster 'Welcome to Bill Burr'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 28 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble 'Is there any connection with the comedian Bill Burr?', 'No'.
James Acaster Nope.
Ed Gamble Going back to the triple cooked chips briefly, Jess, why do you think they stopped at triple-cooking chips? Because I remember for a while there were double cooked chips and someone went, I'm triple cooking them, but then no one's ever gone, quad, quad cooked chips. Is that too far?
Jessica Fostekew Quadruple cooked chips. I, I don't think it's too far I think it's just harder to say. And it just doesn't sound as good.
Ed Gamble Yeah it doesn't roll off the tongue.
Jessica Fostekew I think it's all the sort of aural aesthetics isn't it? Do you want a quad cooked chip? No. Can't say it, don't want to hear it.
Ed Gamble Yeah, four times cooked, there's no good way of saying it.
Jessica Fostekew No.
Ed Gamble Triple cooked chips is definitely the way to go.
Jessica Fostekew It sounds nice.
James Acaster I am going to be honest.
Jessica Fostekew Uh oh.
James Acaster I don't really understand what makes them triple cooked because in my head it's like they're frying them, they're taking them out, they're frying them again, they're taking them out, they're frying them again.
Ed Gamble I think that's it, yeah.
James Acaster But why don't you just fry them for longer? Why don't you just keep them in there for ages?
Ed Gamble I don't really know the science behind it. I think some of it, it might be to do with the moisture as well, of getting them out, drying them

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 29 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, if you let the fat cool before heating it again, I think it does something that makes the outside crispier and crispier each time. Eventually, doesn't it sort of decay the crispy outside a bit each time as well? So maybe that is why, maybe that's the boring, real reason why you can't just do like, quintuple fried chips because the decay will have outdone the extra crisping.
Ed Gamble But those are my favourite chips, the tiny ones right at the bottom that have almost no potato left in them.
Jessica Fostekew They're just a dark brown husk.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I love husks. You can't ask for a bag of husks.
James Acaster Oh, what's come up on the chat here? The Great Benito
Ed Gamble Er, Benito's sent us the recipe for triple cooked chips.
James Acaster The preparation process for involves the chips first being simmered.
Ed Gamble Oh, it's a Heston Blumenthal thing.
James Acaster And drained of water using a su-v technique by freezing, deep fried. Oh boy, do you know what? Even written down Benito is boring.
Ed Gamble I think, I mean, I know it's warm in your flat James but, you know when you tried to read that triple cooked recipe out, it was almost nonsense.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah.
James Acaster Yeah.
Ed Gamble I'vee traaa sowaa u vvv.
Jessica Fostekew It's like a Harry Enfield character.
Ed Gamble Yeah!
Jessica Fostekew What's that? Gold standard.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 30 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble And then had the temerity to accuse Benito of being boring when he's copy pasted something out that we've just asked for and then you've not been bothered to read it properly. 'God Benito's boring, isn't he? Ga gahhh blah blahh. Classic Benito'.

James Acaster That's why I've never acted in anything. 'Oh god this script writer is boring', 'you just delivered it real bad, James'.

Ed Gamble But we're going with sag aloo. That's what we're going with. Delicious.

Jessica Fostekew Yes please.

James Acaster Oh, do you want

Ed Gamble Oh, there he goes.

James Acaster I'm not going to say what I was going to say because it would involve, I know, look, I've been in this comedy game long enough now to know that if I did the riff I was about to do it would end up, I can join the dots, like an octopus I can plan ahead and I know exactly where it was gonna end up and it was gonna end up with me singing 'sag aloo' to the tune of Agadoo. And I'm not, I'm not about to walk down that path just yet.

Ed Gamble Is it something to do with Jess having pushed pineapple for dessert?

James Acaster Oh I hope there's pushed pineapple for dessert. Pushed pineapple. That's the part of the song that I say, pushed pineapple makes less sense than the actual phrase agadoo.

Jessica Fostekew Yeah.

James Acaster Agadoo, I can understand that. Shake a tree, fair enough. Pushing a pineapple? What are you playing at? One handed or two handed? How do you imagine it? Well I know the dance move has been two hands?

Ed Gamble It's two handed right? Yeah.

James Acaster But it always seems too much. I'm always thinking, I can push a pineapple one handed, why is it always two hands?

Ed Gamble You need two to shake the tree I think.

James Acaster You need two to shape the tree.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 31 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble But you can push a pineapple with one hand, easy.
James Acaster You can push a pineapple with one finger, I mean it's easy. But they're always two-handed pushing that pineapple.
Ed Gamble But is the pineapple on the, is it a pineapple tree so surely, if you skip straight to shake the tree you're doing the same as pushing the pineapple.
James Acaster But then why is push pineapple first? You're pushing the pineapple and then shaking the tree?
Jessica Fostekew It's absolutely mental isn't it? Are you getting the pineapple out of the way, you're rolling all of the pineapples out of the way just to shake the tree and get a load more pineapples down so that you know which shake each batch of pineapples came from?
James Acaster Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew Which vintage of pineapple it was.
Ed Gamble And we haven't even started on what agadoo means.
James Acaster That's how ridiculous push pineapple is, it's like, I just accept agadoo straight out the gate. Agadoo, yep absolutely. Push pineapple, hold on, what?
Ed Gamble I mean, what you've done now James is that unfortunately everyone listening for the next at least twenty four hours will be singing Agadoo but replacing it with sag aloo.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah.
James Acaster Yep, they'll be replacing it was sag aloo. They'll be saying 'push pineapple' and then that will blow their minds
Jessica Fostekew You might have even ruined me ordering it ever again for the rest of my life.
Ed Gamble Yeah. Certainly out loud. I mean you can probably do it on like a takeaway menu or a Deliveroo or something but if you've ever got to order sag aloo in Babur again
Jessica Fostekew Hmm and say it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 32 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Also now you've said Deliveroo, I'm thinking Deliveroo to the tune of Agadoo. Two handed pushing pineapple, I'm not gonna get, I'm not gonna
Ed Gamble No no.
James Acaster Unless you're a little hamster.
Ed Gamble Yeah, maybe that's what, maybe within the song Agadoo you're you have to imagine that you're a hamster.
Jessica Fostekew Have hamsters got hands?!
Ed Gamble Have hamsters got hands? No, Jess, they've just got little stumps. They just, they're little balls of fur and they roll around.
James Acaster Well if they've got flippers, what have hamsters got, Jess?
Jessica Fostekew Paws.
James Acaster They can still push a pineapple.
Jessica Fostekew Oh fair enough, I suppose. Could they?
Ed Gamble Well they push those little balls that they're in, don't they, the hamsters
James Acaster Well they probably couldn't move the pineapple actually, to be fair
Jessica Fostekew Yeah if you hollowed out a pineapple they could have a run around in one.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster Okay, what animal is small enough that it would have to two-handed push a pineapple but also strong enough that it could actually push that pineapple and get some movement.
Ed Gamble A good question. A cat I think, a cat.
James Acaster A cat, a chihuahua.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 33 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Jessica Fostekew Yeah yeah, something like that. I was thinking some sort of marsupial sort of small, yeah. A macaque.
James Acaster A macaque could get some movement on them.
Ed Gamble A macaque, yeah definitely, a macaque.
Jessica Fostekew Probably quite a long list actually, it depends how long we've got.
Ed Gamble Yeah
James Acaster So Agadoo is actually through the eyes of a macaque.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew Yep.
James Acaster A stub tailed macaque.
Ed Gamble Ordering sag aloo.
James Acaster Ordered a sag aloo, is now pushing a pineapple. But, is that stub tailed macaque strong enough to shake a tree?
Ed Gamble Definitely not.
James Acaster So now that's out of the running. We've got to presume it's not that. Or the cat. A cat's not shaking a tree.
Jessica Fostekew Small bear?
James Acaster Yeah actually. I think it's got to be a small bear, hasn't it?
Ed Gamble Yeah, small bear.
James Acaster It's gotta be a small bear, yeah a small bear, a bear cub would push a pineapple with two hands and it could also shake a tree and get some movement out of it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 34 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble Yeah, done, tick.
Jessica Fostekew Oh, thank god for that.
Ed Gamble What's your drink, Jess?
Jessica Fostekew Oh, I find it very hard because I do really like all the drinks. I think with this feast it's gonna be, let's say like a snazzy champagne.
Ed Gamble A snazzy champagne?
Jessica Fostekew A snazzy champagne.
James Acaster Pulling out the snazz again.
Ed Gamble As snazzy as the oyster?
Jessica Fostekew Yeah. Actually, I think that's the one thing that would go with all the things. Dom Perignon. That's the snazziest. Yeah.
Ed Gamble Don Perignon. Now, are you a champagne buff? Do you think? Because I have got no idea, I could drink a Don Perignon and I think I could drink any other sort of champagne and I don't think I'd be able to tell the difference or what the hell was going on
Jessica Fostekew I'm not a champagne buff but I'm not completely, I don't know nothing about it. My dad worked for a champagne company for like fifty years
Ed Gamble Ooh!
Jessica Fostekew So I used to go to tastings and stuff and pour little bits of champagne for people.
James Acaster What?
Jessica Fostekew Yeah, so he worked for Moët and Chandon who are called Moët Hennessy Christian Dior Vio something now. Weirdly we, so, oh this makes me sound so much posher than I am, he was a travelling salesman, but we always had champagne in our house. But I hated champagne until I was in my thirties and then suddenly something like clicked in and was like, oh that's very nice. But yeah the nicest bottle I've ever had is that he got me a bottle of Dom Perignon which is like the, the best Moët and Chandon from, named after the monk who invented champagne, created it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 35 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Oh, I didn't know that.

Jessica Fostekew Yeah, that's Dom.

Ed Gamble Don as in, short for Donald?

Jessica Fostekew Dom

Ed Gamble Dom, oh right. Short for Dominic?

Jessica Fostekew Yeah!

Ed Gamble Dominic Perignon.

James Acaster Dominic Perignon.

Jessica Fostekew And he got me a bottle from the year I was born 1983, and I drank it when my son was born. And it was like all, like biscuity and almost creamy and amazing.

James Acaster Wow.

Ed Gamble Hmm, now. If anyone ever accuses me of being posh again, I'll just let them know that I always thought that Dom Perignon was called Don Perignon. If you always had champagne in your house, you know when teenagers go out drinking and they nick booze from their parents drinking cabinets, did you always like just turn up with two bottles of bubbly like an absolute legend?

Jessica Fostekew No, because that was where I drew the line. Also, I don't want to get him carried away by social services but my dad was, my dad would be the one who, because he worked in London during the week and would come back down to Dorset, where I was growing up, he would bring me enough booze for me and my mates for every weekend from when we were so illegally young. We'd have like all alcopops and stuff, so I never needed to be that kid that nicked out of their parents' booze cabinet. But, once we got older, yeah, if I'd be like, 'oh Sally's doing dinner for everyone or whatever, he'd be like, 'take take this bottle of champagne', I'd be like, 'okay'.

Ed Gamble That is good.

Jessica Fostekew I felt like a prick though. Rocking up at seventeen.

James Acaster I love the thought of you as a teenager, just you and your mates, 'oh see you later Dad, I'm just going to meet the girls, gonna get pissed behind a skip', and he's like, 'do you want some booze?'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 36 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

And you're just like, 'yeah, I'd love some booze', 'hold on a second', and then he gets like a bottle of champagne and holds it like a waiter properly holds it, with his arm like behind the back, then cut to you and your friends going, 'hmm, very biscuity, are you getting those notes, Jemima?'
Jessica Fostekew Jemima!
James Acaster Not Jemima, Fostekew wouldn't hang out with a Jemima.
Jessica Fostekew No, not one Jemima in my life.
James Acaster Can we try and guess your friends names?
Jessica Fostekew Yes please. My Dorset ones, yep.
James Acaster When you were growing up.
Jessica Fostekew Yep.
Ed Gamble Well, you've already said Sally.
Jessica Fostekew Yep, sorry. I gave that one away.
James Acaster So that's one. I think you would have been friends with a Natalie.
Jessica Fostekew No. Natalie bullied me.
James Acaster Okay, well, man. I could not have misfired more there.
Ed Gamble It's just amazing how quickly I've forgotten all girl's names apart from Jess and Sally.
Jessica Fostekew It's the, you'll kick yourself because they're like the names that every girl is called.
Ed Gamble Steph!
Jessica Fostekew No. That's my girlfriend's name.
Ed Gamble Are you not friends with your girlfriend?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 37 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Jessica Fostekew Yes
James Acaster So competitive! He gets in with that straight away. 'Oh, I guess you're not friends with your girlfriend then'.
Ed Gamble Oh I guess that's a point then, for me, is it?
James Acaster Rebecca. Becky?
Jessica Fostekew Oh, close but no.
Ed Gamble Jane?
Jessica Fostekew No.
James Acaster Jane?
Jessica Fostekew I'm not that old.
Ed Gamble Jane is the only girl's name I can think of.
James Acaster Rachel?
Jessica Fostekew Nnn, a uni friend called that, you can have that.
James Acaster Sarah.
Jessica Fostekew Nope.
James Acaster How have I not got one yet?
Ed Gamble Violet?
Jessica Fostekew No
Ed Gamble Violet Beauregarde

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 38 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Jessica Fostekew Errr.
James Acaster Kaa.. Kathy Burke?
Jessica Fostekew I wish!
Ed Gamble Look, we did really well there. All we had to do was guess some ladies' names and we came up with Violet Beauregarde and Kathy Burke.
Jessica Fostekew You were so close. You were so close!
James Acaster We come to sweet mains.
Jessica Fostekew Sweet mains. Thank you for giving it its proper name.
James Acaster I'm hoping it's a sweet mains?
Jessica Fostekew It is gonna be a sweet mains. I don't, I'm not all, I'm very rarely in the mood for a pudding. I l think I've got like a salt tooth instead of a sweet tooth.
Ed Gamble Yes. Yes! Salt tooth. I've never heard it described like that. That's a good tattoo.
Jessica Fostekew 'Salt tooth' and then 'starters are my puddings'.
Ed Gamble I'd get 'starters are my pudding' as like one of those big stomach tattoos and then I'd walk into a restaurant and when they ask me what I want for dessert, I just lift up my t shirt.
Jessica Fostekew Already at it.
James Acaster And they go, 'so sorry, do you want starters or pudding? What do you want?'.
Jessica Fostekew I'll have another starter
Ed Gamble I'm fine, yeah.
James Acaster They wouldn't know what you meant.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 39 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

Ed Gamble I'm a salt tooth, do you, what about that do you not understand?
Jessica Fostekew Yeah. But even though I'm a salt, even though I'm a salt tooth I don't want to, I don't want to be that guy that skips straight to cheese so I want something really lemony. My mum makes, and apparently is my auntie Penny's recipe, which'll be my great auntie Penny, this lemon meringue thing. It's like a roulade, is that how you say it?
James Acaster Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew And inside it's like the most bright bright lemon and then outside, the every outside is all crusty meringue and then there's this kind of like interim circle that's got like dots of that softer meringue and something else, but it's all soft. And it's, you serve it really cold and the lemony bit is like, so sharp, that it almost tastes fizzy like sherbert. But it's also really light, like it doesn't give you that kind of like gippy, sugared-up, you know when you've been over sugared? Like you might be from a chocolate raisin. It doesn't give you that because it's so refreshing. Like it's a proper like, it's like a slap around the face but it's done internally.
James Acaster Hmm, yes.
Ed Gamble An internal slap.
Jessica Fostekew You know, you know what. And I'd like that
James Acaster Like you've just swallowed a Greek fisherman.
Jessica Fostekew Yes! And then for, and then with it to come just as I'm finishing it, can I have like an amaretto coffee?
Ed Gamble Yeah!
James Acaster Yes.
Ed Gamble Yeah you can.
James Acaster I don't see why not.
Jessica Fostekew Is it, an Italian coffee. One of those please.
James Acaster It sounds delicious.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 40 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Jessica Fostekew Good.
Ed Gamble I love lemony stuff. I think I've only come around to it in the last few years but lemon, oh, extremely lemony desserts are right up my street.
Jessica Fostekew I worry it's maybe, cos I feel like I talk to lots of people who say this but, and I worry it's our ageing pallets. Like if it just takes a bit longer to like something that intense.
Ed Gamble Yeah maybe our mouths are dying because of age and we need something to, really really exciting to fire them back up again.
Jessica Fostekew It's a, your knees, our mouths.
Ed Gamble Yeah. All I can taste any more is lemons and anchovies.
James Acaster Yeah. I don't think I've ever regretted getting a lemon dessert. However, every time I look at a menu I weirdly write off the lemon desserts in my head. I skip past them as if they're not even proper desserts.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah!
Ed Gamble Straight to chocolate?
James Acaster But then, yeah, but then when you get them you're like, oh no this is absolutely the best one and I made the right choice, but not enough times do I make that choice.
Ed Gamble Yep, yeah.
Jessica Fostekew What's going on there? Do you think it needs better PR?
James Acaster Yeah, no one's, no one's pushing lemons.
Jessica Fostekew Yeah. Shake a tree.
James Acaster Maybe that's what push pineapples means, it's just the PR team.
Jessica Fostekew That's exactly it!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 41 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster We need to push these pineapples

Jessica Fostekew We need a really nice poster for pineapples.

Ed Gamble We gotta push pineapples.

Jessica Fostekew We need to push pineapples a lot harder guys.

James Acaster No one's, no one's buying these pineapples, we've got to push them.

Ed Gamble Lemon posset, my dad made a lemon posset once which is the richest thing I've ever eaten.

Jessica Fostekew Yeah.

Ed Gamble He was like, I've made this lemon posset and then I've put it in wine glasses and then everyone got about three bites in and was like, that's enough for me, thank you. And then he had to just scrape it all into the bin.

Jessica Fostekew Oh!

James Acaster See, my dad and your dad would be the perfect team.

Ed Gamble Yeah, I think so.

James Acaster My dad would finish those.

Ed Gamble Although sorry to, I know it's your episode, Jess, but I'm just going to read out my dad's Off Menu choices that my sister forced him to pick.

James Acaster Oh, now, give us some context for this. When did this happen?

Ed Gamble This was a few days ago, I don't think my dad's ever listened to the podcast but my sister listened and her and her boyfriend tried to get my dad to pick his Off Menu choices while they were on a walk. Just going to read them out. My dad's quite a stubborn man by the way so, this is what they could get out of him after two hours. Popadoms or bread? Neither, it's too much. Starter? Gazpacho. Main? Can't decide. Side? Depends what the main is. Drink? Depends what I'm eating. Dessert? German cheesecake. So that's what, that was two hours that took.

Jessica Fostekew Oh my god. Get him on. Get him on the show guys.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 42 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Definitely gazpacho.

Ed Gamble Definitely the shortest episode yet. I love just the stubbornness of, 'main? Can't decide. Side? Depends what my main is'.

James Acaster Yeah yep, yeah. Drink? Depends what I'm eating. Dessert? German cheesecake.

Jessica Fostekew Lovely.

James Acaster Well I, I think that sounds like a very good menu Jess. And I like that you've got the amaretto coffee shot at the end as well.

Jessica Fostekew Yeah. I had one the other day and it was the first time in years and years and years and I was like, why haven't I, why have I not been doing this more often. It's really nice. Hang on, even my coffees now need a sweet mains.

James Acaster Now you're talking.

Jessica Fostekew And it's gonna be alcoholic.

James Acaster Jess Fostekew, I'm going to read you back your menu now. See how you, see how you feel about it, see if you still feel good about these choices. You would like sparkling water. You would like flopadoms for your popadoms or bread choice. Starter, you want a Benito box, fresh calamari straight out the water, big Scottish oyster with Tobasco and all the trimmings and barbecque octopus as well. Main course, Ian Simpson's surf and turf. Side dish, sag aloo loo loo from Babur in Brockley, London. Drink, Dom Perignon, snazzy. And dessert, you would like mum's brackets via great auntie Penny's lemon roulade with an amaretto coffee.

Jessica Fostekew Whoa, yes please!!

Ed Gamble Yeah that is a really good menu.

Jessica Fostekew Cor, when you put it all in a row like that I couldn't be more smug about my choices if I'm honest.

James Acaster It is pretty good.

Ed Gamble Ethics be damned.

Jessica Fostekew Ethics be damned, sorry ethics.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 43 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew

James Acaster Bad luck ethics, that's a good menu.
Ed Gamble Absolutely delicious. Thank you so much for coming to the Dream Restaurant Jess
Jessica Fostekew Thanks so much for having me here.
Ed Gamble I feel like we sorted out a lot of issues, I feel like we raised a lot of issues re Agadoo. So if anyone wants to get in contact and let us know the origins of pushing a pineapple, do do that, but that is an absolutely delicious menu. Jess, tell us about your food podcast very briefly because we didn't give it a proper push at the beginning.
James Acaster Yeah!
Jessica Fostekew It's called Hoovering and it's about eating. Yeah it's a goodie.
Ed Gamble Yes, and, Jess is a better host than us because quite often when you do the podcast with Jess she will bring you food.
James Acaster Yeah. Jess brought food to my flat to record the podcast, probably exactly two years ago to this day and I had just moved in, and my flat was completely bare and we just sat in an empty room
Jessica Fostekew We sat on the floor and had bircher didn't we?
James Acaster Yes, and it was exactly what I needed.
Jessica Fostekew Yay! And to Ed's house, he had a white sofa and I brought some büche around which is
Ed Gamble Yes, the most staining food of all time.
Jessica Fostekew That was one of the most stressful, yeah.
James Acaster Yeah. A lot of people have that complaint about doing podcasts with us, it's a stressful experience. It's very hard for us to get guests onto this actually.
Jessica Fostekew Not true. I love this podcast, thank you so much for having me on it.
Ed Gamble Well thank you very much for coming. Push pineapple, shake the tree.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 44 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
Ed Gamble Well there we go. I think that was a pretty delicious menu from Jess actually.
James Acaster Scrumptious.
Ed Gamble Real scrumptious. Lovely to see a shout out to the surf and turf.
James Acaster Yes.
Ed Gamble And thank Jesus actually for Jess not saying hemp seeds.
James Acaster Ah yes. Thank you for not saying hemp seeds Jess Fostekew because Ed would not have liked that, he would have huffed and puffed.
Ed Gamble I would have had to get my blowing lips ready and blown, blown Jess out the restaurant as well. Which I couldn't do because I can't even blow a pumpkin seed off the plate.
James Acaster I mean you could and you should try it but
Ed Gamble I couldn't, I, okay, if it was a pile of pumpkin seeds I couldn't blow them off the plate.
James Acaster Well you keep changing the rules here but like, but you could actually
Ed Gamble It's my game
James Acaster Do you know what, even if it was a pile of pumpkin seeds
Ed Gamble Yeah
James Acaster with a few breaths you could get it off the plate because you would disrupt
Ed Gamble I dunno man, it's
James Acaster Cos you would disrupt the pile with the first blow, they're not all stuck together
Ed Gamble It's been a long lockdown, it's been a long old lockdown I don't know if i could, what my blowing power's like.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 45 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 93: Jessica Fostekew
James Acaster You're exercising all the time, everyone knows it.
Ed Gamble Yeah but I've not been, I've been mainly working on my shoulders, I've not been working on my blowing, my seed blowing like I normally do.
James Acaster I think you'd surprise yourself.
Ed Gamble Okay, well that's something to do anyway. When we can finally meet up, me and James will get together and we'll, that'll be our next live stream actually, we'll live stream some seed blowing.
James Acaster Yep, we'll get a load of different seeds and try to blow each seed and see how far we can get it.
Ed Gamble Twelve quid a ticket. Thank you very much Jess for coming into the Dream Restaurant for another home cooking episode. Great menu. Do go and listen to Jess' podcast Hoovering, it is a very good food podcast which I think predates ours and they've had a lot of wonderful guests on in the past. Everyone you can think of, everyone you'd like to hear really. Jess is also got a stand-up special available James.
James Acaster On Next-Up, it's called Silence of the Nans. Go and watch that, it's excellent, so funny. And just get as much Jess Fostekew in your life as you can.
Ed Gamble Do it. I highly recommend it. But for now, let's say goodbye. It's time to shut the doors of the Dream Restaurant once more and we'll see you again sometime soon. Goodbye.
James Acaster Bring down the shutters. We'll see you again sometime soon.
Ed Gamble Goodbye.
James Acaster Goodbye.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 46 -

