Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Off Menu ­ Ep94 ­ Todd Barry
Ed Gamble Welcome to the creamiest, sweetest podcast on the internet, it's the coconut yoghurt of the um, airwaves. It's the Off Menu podcast.
James Acaster Hello Ed!
Ed Gamble I've run out of these completely now, I can't even be bothered to think of any. You were texting at the beginning. Come on, come on James.
James Acaster Sorry. Hi! It's Off Menu time!
Ed Gamble It's Off Menu time baby. This is a food podcast where we ask our special guest what, James?
James Acaster We ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink and this week's guest is Todd Barry! Ed you didn't join in with Todd Barry.
Ed Gamble Yeah because I was enjoying watching you do it.
James Acaster Oh come on man.
Ed Gamble And I was just really laughing at the, at the energy you're giving it compared to Todd's sort of general energy.
James Acaster Yeah. Sure. I mean but I felt like, you know I got called out for texting at the start so I'm like, come on, give it all you've got James, give it all your energy and you really throw yourself into Todd Barry and Ed will come in and harmonise with you. I was just on my own.
Ed Gamble I was also calling myself out for, I was calling myself out for not coming up with a good intro to the podcast myself as well and I said that thing about the coconut yoghurt with the air waves which was not good enough.
James Acaster Yes yeah. It's just because you ate a coconut yoghurt the other day and you're thinking, you've been thinking about it
Ed Gamble Well that's what I'm doing. I've done a bagel flavoured intro the other day, I've done a bagel flavoured intro, I've done a coconut yoghurt flavoured intro cos it was really good the coconut yoghurt

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
James Acaster You looked like you really enjoyed it, it had cashews in it.
Ed Gamble Oh my my
James Acaster Cashews and loads of like like what is it, coconut just like sliced on top of it, or whatever it was, flaked
Ed Gamble It was from a place called Broken Coconut in New York which says it's healthy food but if that's healthy, oooh, I'll be going there every day.
James Acaster Yeah, it looked very good. I had the poké bowl there and that was delicious. Loads of tuna.
Ed Gamble Yeah it was. Little food update there, but, we must get on with the business of Off Menu.
James Acaster Now, here's the thing Ed, even though I love Todd Barry, he's a very very funny comedian, he's done little acting roles as well
Ed Gamble He is
James Acaster You might have seen him in Flight of the Concords. He was also had a very small part in The Wrestler
Ed Gamble Yes he did.
James Acaster Which is, everyone always enjoys that cameo. But he's one of the greatest comics and such a good deadpan and funny comedian. However, I will, and no ifs or buts, I don't want none of your coconuts
Ed Gamble Oh why not, it's delicious.
James Acaster I'll kick him out of the restaurant if he mentions the secret ingredient, an ingredient that we don't like: sugar candy mice.
Ed Gamble Candy mice. Hate them. Hate any sweet in the shape of a mouse. They're always disgusting.
James Acaster Right.
Ed Gamble The sugar ones? Rank. The little white chocolate ones you get at cinema pick and mix?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
James Acaster Yeah, don't like them.
Ed Gamble Horrible, they don't taste, they don't taste of chocolate
James Acaster Yep, absolutely hate them. I don't know who's going in, I would really, if I worked in a cinema and I saw people going up to the pick and mix and I saw someone take a big scoop of the white chocolate mice I'd think, what are you doing?
Ed Gamble What are you playing at?
James Acaster What is the point of even getting the pick and mix if that's what you're spending it on.
Ed Gamble Now, I suspect that Todd's not going to pick that but if he does, he's out.
James Acaster It's just solid like sugar, with not much flavour to it whatsoever in the shape of a mouse, which is a bad shape for it because like, it's just too, it's like curved in the in stupid places.
Ed Gamble Why why? Yeah.
James Acaster It's like, it's not like a nice ball of sugar or a nice rectangle, a nice solid shape, it's a weird shape of just like weird, oh now this bit sticks out and then there's ears and a little pointy nose and then this big round bit for the butt. And then there's like string coming out the end of its tail.
Ed Gamble Jelly worms, now that's a good shape for a sweet.
James Acaster Oh, I love a jelly worm.
Ed Gamble Love that. The candy mice can absolutely fuck off. So. Todd, please don't say candy mice, we're looking forward to meeting you. So, without further ado, here is the Off Menu menu of
Ed Gamble and James Acaster: Todd Barry!
Ed Gamble Welcome Todd Barry to the Dream Restaurant.
Todd Barry Okay. Oh yeah wow, you do your own sound effects, that's great.
Ed Gamble Oh yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Welcome Todd Barry, we've been expecting you
Todd Barry This is a big get, it's a big get for you guys
James Acaster A huge get! Would you like an amuse bouche to start?
Todd Barry I don't even know, what is an amuse bouche?
James Acaster Ah, it's like a little bonus dish that you weren't expecting that you didn't order
Todd Barry Oh yes.
James Acaster When they're like, bam, there you go.
Todd Barry Oh you mean like when they say this is from the chef?
James Acaster Yeah, this is from the chef.
Ed Gamble Yes, yeah. When you didn't choose it and you didn't want it but the chef gives it to you anyway.
Todd Barry Right. I know, that happens when you're a little famous.
James Acaster Oh yeah yeah?
Ed Gamble Yeah when, when in your career did you notice you were getting the amuse bouches?
Todd Barry Oh the amuse bouches were coming at me? I don't know, it's just an occasional thing. Especially if I write in the reservation that I'm famous.
Ed Gamble Yeah, you reserve the table for Todd Barry I'm famous?
Todd Barry Yeah I write, extend all courtesies, I'm famous.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster Yes. Do you put, do you just cut, when they say, 'what's the name?', you go, 'it's famous Tod Barry'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Todd Barry Oh I just put a picture and go, you tell me the name.
Ed Gamble What's the amuse bouche James today?
James Acaster A bag of potato chips.
Todd Barry Oh really? Alright.
Ed Gamble How do you feel about that?
Todd Barry I love potato chips.
Ed Gamble Well there you go.
Todd Barry I had two bags last night of, I think they were, they might have been from your country, your land. I forgot the brand but they were the cheesy onion and
Ed Gamble The, the cheesy onion.
James Acaster Walkers?
Todd Barry They might have been Walkers. I should have saved the bag had I known.
James Acaster Yeah you should have brought it with you.
Todd Barry But I went to a bar with a guy and he goes, here take two bags of chips. That's sort of an amuse bouche for me.
James Acaster I, yeah yeah. So you've already had them?
Todd Barry That's the second day in a row that I've got the same amuse bouche now that I think about it. Has this ever happened on your show?
James Acaster It's never happened, it's never happened before, this is crazy.
Ed Gamble No no, this is a first, this is a first.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry But yeah, potato chips are good.
Ed Gamble And was it, is it quite exotic to get a UK potato chip in New York.
Todd Barry They're pretty easy to find.
James Acaster Could you tell the difference?
Todd Barry They are, they are way better.
Ed Gamble Thank you Todd.
Todd Barry Oh my god, they're so much better. You just don't know, Americans don't know about potato chips. They're pretty good. But we have our Doritos which are
Ed Gamble Sure.
Todd Barry Well, it's not a contest.
Ed Gamble Well they're very different, the Dorito.
James Acaster Are you a Dorito fan?
Todd Barry I had, I don't eat them often but I do like when I'm at a party and someone's gone all out and they've put Doritos out and I'm like, oh I guess I've got to eat Doritos then. But I'm not buying a lot of Doritos anymore.
James Acaster Right.
Ed Gamble No I know what you mean. And they, they come in big bags and there's too much dust on them. And if you get through a big bag of Doritos you're ending up with a lot of dust on your front.
Todd Barry On your front?
Ed Gamble On the front.
Todd Barry What do you mean on the front?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble On the front of your body.

Todd Barry Oh okay. Well if you're eating Doritos I guess you're probably not, I mean I guess at a party but I mean normally it's usually that you're on the coach

Ed Gamble On your back, yeah.

Todd Barry Yeah

James Acaster You're just rolling around in the dust like a chinchilla?

Todd Barry Yeah, you know. Coating yourself and then deep frying yourself.

Ed Gamble Yeah yeah yeah.

James Acaster Top three Doritos flavours?

Todd Barry Ah, well. Wow you guys are, you're good.

Ed Gamble Straight in. We don't muck around mate

Todd Barry Man, you guys don't hold back. You don't ease into it you just go right into the, you go for the jugular. The, well now, I think it's gotten a little silly with them because they used to be like, cool ranch, nacho cheese and then the taco flavour which was a little, not my favourite. And then, I don't even know they're like, Thai flash or Thai burst or something. Like it just, they're all pretty much, I mean they all seem to have, they're all a little bit samey but they're

James Acaster Sure.

Todd Barry There's not like a dorito where you're like, oh, this is disgusting.

James Acaster Yeah, that's nice.

Todd Barry Yeah, it's really nice.

James Acaster You're gonna be getting a lot of free Doritos now

Todd Barry I mean I do get free stuff yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble Yeah, well what's the best free thing that you've got from being famous?

Todd Barry Well I do this thing, it's kind of obnoxious but I do it on twitter called free stuff for Todd, it's a hashtag where I just basically say can you send me something. I've gotten a coach, I got a really nice litter box, I got a great vacuum, I've gotten lots of kombucha.

Ed Gamble You do have a cat, we should probably mention.

Todd Barry Yeah, oh, well I mean you don't have to mention.

James Acaster Well otherwise everyone will be picturing you dumping on the litter box

Ed Gamble You didn't get a free litter box because of the free toilet didn't come through

Todd Barry Yeah just for spite, it's just for spiteful like, yeah, you sent me a free litter box, I don't even have a cat. I got one and now I'm just going to throw it out. But I've got some, yeah I've gotten some chips of some sort

Ed Gamble That's basically the reason we do this podcast is to get

Todd Barry Do you get a lot of free stuff?

Ed Gamble To get free food

James Acaster Yep! Yes we do.

Ed Gamble Oh man

Todd Barry Well what do you guys get? Am I allowed to ask you questions?

Ed Gamble Absolutely you can ask us questions. We we get a lot of free snacks

James Acaster My fridge is currently, sorry refrigerator

Todd Barry Oh, you know about that joke of mine?

James Acaster Yeah, I know about that joke. As soon as I said it I thought I'm in massive trouble.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Oh, wow. That's very flattering that you know that
James Acaster Oh yeah yeah
Todd Barry That terrible joke of mine
James Acaster That's a great bit, that's a great bit. My refrigerator, Todd, Todd doesn't like it when people say fridge.
Ed Gamble Right okay.
Todd Barry I don't like veggies either though. And people say veggies so keep
James Acaster Why don't you like fridge?
Todd Barry It just, I don't know, it's weird. It's like, I have a lot of sounds issues. It's like mysophobia I have, are you familiar?
James Acaster No
Todd Barry It's when you can't listen to people eat without punching the walls and crying in rage. So I have that but you know also even like when people have their little phone out and they think they have the little ping like, they think that's the unobtrusive sound and that one makes me, like in a coffee shop
Ed Gamble How do you feel about, and then there's not many of these people around but the peopel who leave the key sounds on the phone so you can hear them typing?
Todd Barry Oh, typing drives, I was just at a coffee shop before I got here with the I guess the owner was typing away and she must have been typing like one hundred words a minute and I was like, I was almost gonna move and then I was like, I dunno, that's a weird reason to move, like, you're typing too fast
Ed Gamble You're too good at your job
Todd Barry But, what was your question? Oh the key sound. Oh yeah I mean it's just weird like if you're at a coffee shop, if you put it on vibrate you're going to notice if you have a message. Oh, I'm really angry
James Acaster There's a bit in Uncut Gems which is, the whole film is like stressful

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Yeah

James Acaster And when he's hiding and he wants to surprise someone and he's texting them and he's in the closet and he's left the clicky clack sound on the thing

Ed Gamble Yeah yeah yeah

James Acaster And, it's just another stressful bit of the film where you're like just, if you're gonna surprise them turn the sound off or they're gonna hear you in the cupboard.

Todd Barry I've sometimes wanted to tell people like, do you need, do you want me to help you turn that off?

Ed Gamble Yeah it's the first thing you should do when you get a phone is switch those sounds off

Todd Barry Switch, turn that shit off. My stuff's off right now man, I didn't even

Ed Gamble Yeah

James Acaster I think if there's ever anyone on like a bus or something that's playing music out of their phone, the best thing to do to get them back is just to get your phone out and play music at the same volume, just play a completely different song

Todd Barry I saw a guy who, that reminds me of, he did this prank who would sit next to people who were at the airport on the phone and he would just be pretend that he was on the other end. So he was like, 'hey Mary what time should we meet?', 'er we should meet at six o'clock'. He was just sitting next to these people and he would just responding, it was pretty funny.

Ed Gamble What I used to do as a teenager Todd, and this is probably a more obnoxious prank, was to sit opposite someone on the tube, er subway

Todd Barry Yeah I know what the tube is. Four stars in the London times twice, two four star reviews. Go ahead.

Ed Gamble And if they were reading a book and you were with someone you would have a conversation with your friend and then try and get the title of the book into your conversation. It just sort of gently confused everyone.

Todd Barry Oh that, that's funny. That's such a weird, yeah I like that.

Ed Gamble Just a sly, yeah yeah yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster So we always start off with still or sparkling water.

Todd Barry Oh, you know, I think generally I would go for a still but a sparkling's nice also. But also like there's that whole thing of like well what am I paying for? Am I paying for this? Cos there are restaurants, I dunno how it is where you are, but there are places where we make our own sparkling water and it's complimentary and, not that I'm cheap but, I'm not always going to pay for sparkling water

Ed Gamble But if it's on offer for free you've gotta have it right?

Todd Barry Oh let me have it. Let me have a little of both.

James Acaster Yeah, a little bit of both

Ed Gamble A half and half?

James Acaster What one do you want on the top?

Todd Barry Oh yeah, I want it layered, like a real fancy drink.

James Acaster Yeah I think we can put half and half in

Todd Barry Let's do, let's just do still water

James Acaster So we'll do some still water

Ed Gamble Tap or fancy bottle?

Todd Barry Well, you know, if I'm on a date, fancy bottle but if it's just me and you guys, let's go still. Unless you've got your Off Menu corporate card then let's go

James Acaster How cold do you like it?

Todd Barry Ah that's a good question. I like a nice cold water, yeah

Ed Gamble Yeah

Todd Barry That whole like, I gfuess when you're going on stage I guess it might be better to have room temperature water for your throat, I don't know, but let's go cold

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Nice and cold

Todd Barry Yeah, even ice, I'll take some ice. Squeeze of lime.

James Acaster Put some ice in there. Do you want crushed ice or the cubed ice?

Todd Barry Um, wow.

Ed Gamble We go pretty deep man.

Todd Barry Yeah man, I thought my podcast was shallow, this is, this is, this is unbelievably shallow. No I love this shit, it's better than talking about comedy right? Oh my god. Crushed or cubed?

James Acaster Cubed or

Todd Barry I mean there's some bars where you can get like they they have like eight different types of ice cubes and that's always, a good like really, there's a certain type of crushing of ice that's really good but let's go crushed.

James Acaster Yeah, we'll crush it up.

Todd Barry Yeah it's kind of, oh that's another peeve of mine, people who chew ice, oh my god.

Ed Gamble I am one of those people.

Todd Barry Are you? Right, come on man, come on. You chew? Fucking crunch?

Ed Gamble Yeah, I can't wait to get through the water just so I can crunch on the ice. That's the main reason I get it.

James Acaster Let him have it. You can lay into him if you want.

Todd Barry No, that was, it would have to actually happen in front of me then I'm

Ed Gamble Yeah, I'm not gonna do it now cos we know about your issue with sounds we wouldn't do that.

Todd Barry Yeah yeah yeah yeah, out of respect. Thank you.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Knowing that he's that sort of person

Todd Barry Yeah, it's a little weird like, you don't even seem to be like, 'and I'm going to try not to be that sort of person'

Ed Gamble No I love it

Todd Barry You're owning it

Ed Gamble Every time I do it I'm going to think of you

Todd Barry You're defiant about your chewing of ice.

James Acaster Why do you love it?

Ed Gamble I just really like it, it's just tactile, you know it's something to do innit

Todd Barry Can you get that tactile sensation from the food you ordered?

Ed Gamble Er, yeah, true, but if the food's not arrived, I'm practising my chewing before lunch gets in

Todd Barry Oh okay

James Acaster Oh right, it's practise

Todd Barry Alright, I'm good, I feel like you're, I'm going to lose this battle so

Ed Gamble I've got a very strong jaw because of it

James Acaster You having a look at his jaw?

Ed Gamble That's all ice chewing Todd

Todd Barry That's good, you do have a great jaw

Ed Gamble Thank you

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread, Todd? Popadoms or bread?!
Todd Barry What are popadoms? What are what
James Acaster Popadoms or bread?!
Todd Barry Is that like biscuits or bread, or rolls or bread?
Ed Gamble Popadoms
Todd Barry Why do I not? Pop overs?
Ed Gamble No, in an Indian restaurant
Todd Barry Oh the, the naan bread?
Ed Gamble No, the big crispy things they bring at the beginning. So they're like big huge crisps
Todd Barry Oh yeah
James Acaster Basically this question is, you know when they bring the bread before a meal, you know there's loads of other things that you could get brought before the meal at that point, popadoms for example. What do you want at this stage?
Todd Barry But you you, I mean, it's a weird, cos now you're putting us in an Indian restaurant. You're making it sound like every restaurant you go to has popadoms.
Ed Gamble Yeah yeah
Todd Barry It's really only one type of restaurant that does that as far as I know.
Ed Gamble It's a very confusing format point that we've had to just forgive.
Todd Barry Popadom or what now?
James Acaster Or bread.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Well let's go popadom.
James Acaster Ah yeah?
Todd Barry Yeah, crunchy.
Ed Gamble Not a bread guy?
Todd Barry No I like bread, you just, I chose, I didn't say no bread, yes popadoms. But bread is wonderful also. Nice warm bread
Ed Gamble You're convincing yourself round
Todd Barry Tip a little bit with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Fuck. Am I allowed to curse?
Ed Gamble Yeah! Especially in about the bread, that's what we want.
James Acaster Curse it up. Especially bread cursing.
Todd Barry Yeah, so I'd go popadom, thank you.
James Acaster You ever baked your own bread?
Todd Barry I feel like when I was a kid I, I made my own pretzels once.
James Acaster Oh yeah?
Todd Barry Yeah
James Acaster You feel like you did? That sounds like something you would remember.
Todd Barry Oh it's, I'm an old man.
James Acaster Yeah
Todd Barry I know I did

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster You made your own pretzels?

Ed Gamble Just off your own back?

Todd Barry I remember there was, I'm just trying to think if I, there was this show called Zoom, I don't know if you had that but you could send away for a zoom card and they were like, here's how to make your own pretzels right away for a zoom card. You probably sent them a self addressed envelope with a stamp on. And I remember it took three months to get that thing sent to me. And I imagine I made them, I can't remember specifically.

Ed Gamble So you remember sending off for the thing

Todd Barry I remember getting it and it's like, wow, I can't believe they remembered at this point to send this it was a new request at the beginning but

James Acaster What is Zoom?

Todd Barry Zoom was like a kids show, it was just like, 'we're gonna zooma zooma zooma zoom'. That's all I remember about it. And then it was the zip code that they said, on Boston maps, like if you're on O 21 34.

Ed Gamble It's amazing that you remember the zip code of a kid's show and you don't remember whether you made pretzels or not.

Todd Barry That's just, I think, that's actually not as odd as you think it is. I think that's pretty, some people remember numbers better than they remember

Ed Gamble Yeah that's fair. Especially if it's in a song.

Todd Barry Yeah, exactly. If I wrote a song about the time I made pretzels. That question would have been answered by now.

James Acaster It'd be quite difficult, I mean you know the pattern, the shape of the pretzel is quite hard to nail.

Todd Barry Yeah but I think I may have made bread though at one point in my life, maybe with my mum or something. Basically I'm not a bread maker, I'm not a baker.

James Acaster No you're not a baker

Ed Gamble Not a baker yeah yeah

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Yeah I don't cook almost ever.
James Acaster Big pretzels or small pretzels?
Todd Barry Oh man.
James Acaster What would you like? I think
Todd Barry It's the devil's in the details.
Ed Gamble Or crushed pretzels?
James Acaster I like a bag of like small pretzels, knocking those back, but every now and again it's nice to get
Ed Gamble The crunchy ones?
James Acaster The crunchy ones. And then there's like the big soft ones with the big chunks of
Todd Barry I think a big soft one with mustard is the ultimate pretzel.
James Acaster Ah lovely.
Todd Barry You've never done the mustard?
James Acaster I've never done that.
Todd Barry Oh my god that's a
Ed Gamble I don't think I have
Todd Barry Oh you gotta do that
Ed Gamble Have they got salt on them right? I like that
Todd Barry Pretzels? Yeah yeah they have salt.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble Yeah yeah. I like salt.

Todd Barry You do a food podcast and you're not sure whether pretzels have salt on them?

Ed Gamble Hey look, we've come from another country Todd.

Todd Barry We come from this land where they don't put salt on the pretzels.

Ed Gamble We had to explain popadoms.

Todd Barry Yeah you did. Alright, we're even.

Ed Gamble You can have pretzels at this stage instead of popadoms or bread if you'd like? You can hack it.

Todd Barry I mean this is a, this is already a pretty heavy meal and I haven't ordered anything yet but

Ed Gamble Ah okay, sure. So popadoms are to keep it light.

Todd Barry Yeah let's go popadoms because pretzels, I fly a lot so I eat plenty of pretzels.

James Acaster You'll always say yes to the pretzels on the flight?

Todd Barry Yeah, I mean I try to. I mean I try not, I guess I do, yeah. But I mean like, the other day I flew in and they gave me like a brownie and a piece of, and a cookie, and like, come on man. I would never say just give me a brownie and a cookie right now, but if you're gonna put it in my face and I'm like tryna do all the like don't, don't have it don't have it don't have it. Ah willpower.

Ed Gamble It's like all the, I don't know what chain it is but the chain of hotels who give you a warm cookie when you check in.

Todd Barry Ah that's Double Tree yeah. Yeah and it's a highly calorific cookie.

Ed Gamble Yeah and I've eaten that before I get to the room. It's so depressing eating a cookie in the elevator like an animal.

James Acaster Do you ever ask for a second one at the Double Tree?

Todd Barry I'm trying to think if I have. I hope not.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster I have!
Todd Barry You have?
James Acaster Yep!
Todd Barry You guys stay at a lot of Double Trees huh?
James Acaster Oh yeah yeah. I stayed at a Double Tree once, they gave me a cookie on the way in and then at night I'd gone to my room, I'd got room service, I'd had a savoury meal whatever it was and then really wanted another cookie and just did it. I just went all the way down to reception, it was like one in the morning
Ed Gamble Did you check out and then rebook in?
James Acaster I should have done.
Todd Barry Have you ever checked in and they forget to give you the cookie. I've had that happen
Ed Gamble ah yeah.
Todd Barry You're like, 'isn't this the cookie hotel?'.
Ed Gamble There's a reason we booked here.
Todd Barry This is the one, there's one thing people talk about when this hotel chain came in. Not how amazing it is, which it's fine but it's a, it's that cookie.
James Acaster That cookie is, and it's so warm
Todd Barry It's like three hundred calories I think at least. Like I looked it actually up the calorie count on it. I also wonder if the employees get annoyed with just, 'blah blah cookies blah', of just like eight hours a day of people gushing over stupid cookies.
Ed Gamble Where do they keep it in reception? Do they have like a warm
Todd Barry There's a warmer yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster There's a warm drawer that they keep. Do you reckon they ever keep other stuff in there?
Todd Barry A guy like reheats a slice of pizza or something.
Ed Gamble Yeah yeah
James Acaster He's got like his socks in there so it feels nice for the final hour of his shift, he can put his warm socks on.
Todd Barry I think that that could happen, yeah.
James Acaster Maybe as a guest you could say like, you know, could you put this in the warm
Todd Barry That would be a good prank wouldn't it? I mean if you were into pranks, I'm not really into pranks but that would be a funny one. Just be like, 'hey I just, I got this croissant or, I only ate half of it but I don't, you know, if it was still warm I would have the whole thing. If you could just slam it in there, I'll come back in half an hour'. That's a good idea. I just stole your joke and did it right back at you.
James Acaster So we come to your starter now?
Todd Barry Oh god so this is, alright, this was really hard, this whole thing, this homework you gave me was really hard. Cos I fancy myself a picky eater but then when it comes down to narrowing it down you're like, oh, there's tonnes of shit I like.
James Acaster Yes. But you fancy yourself as a picky eater? Do you pride yourself on it?
Todd Barry Nah nah I'm not like you with the ice chewing thing but I feel like I am picky. But I'm definitely way less picky than other people are, for whatever that means.
James Acaster Whose the pickiest person that you know?
Todd Barry I'm not gonna name names but I know some people who are like
James Acaster You can name names
Ed Gamble Go on, give us some clues
James Acaster You can name a name.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Oh no no, I don't drop, I don't name. Oh let's give you clues, he played bass for The Beatles. I'm good friends with Paul McCartney.
Ed Gamble You've always eaten with him
Todd Barry I don't know if this is a cheat because I honestly would never order this as a starter but like Italian restaurants here and maybe all over, they offer this pasta that's like, it's not even the main course, it's sort of a starter. And it always seems crazy to have a big bowl of that and then
Ed Gamble To have that and then
Todd Barry And then like, now let's eat. It's dinner time. I know that I've just had that little bowl of pasta. But I chose a pasta for my starter: a cacio y pepe. Are you familiar with that?
Ed Gamble Oh yes!
Todd Barry Oh my god.
Ed Gamble I can't, oh, you've hit gold straight away Todd.
Todd Barry Oh good good.
James Acaster I'm not familiar with this but the way that both of you just reacted
Ed Gamble That is the best pasta.
Todd Barry It's a pasta with basically just cheese and black pepper.
James Acaster Right, okay.
Todd Barry Oh god.
Ed Gamble It's phenomenal.
Todd Barry I like simple foods and that's just
Ed Gamble It's all you need.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Oh my god.

James Acaster What kind of pasta is it?

Todd Barry It's sort of a spaghetti I think but you know I think that they can make it

Ed Gamble Or a bucatini.

Todd Barry Maybe, I mean I imagine that they could do it with any pasta. It would hold up to any pasta.

Ed Gamble Oh it will. You could put that on anything.

Todd Barry And then I might ask for a side of chilli flakes which I don't know if that's fine

James Acaster That, that's fair

Todd Barry Is that fair?

Ed Gamble I think that you're allowed to do that, yeah, for sure. I think it's a very bold starter, like you say, I wouldn't start with a pasta

Todd Barry I wouldn't either but I mean, for the sake of this show I didn't want to be like, too boring.

Ed Gamble Yeah. The, a bowl of pasta for me is the end of the evening either way

Todd Barry Yeah yeah it's the end, even if it's the end you feel like, oh what did I just fucking do? There are some places that give you like what seems like a small amount of pasta like they'll put a big bowl and then this like little dump of pasta and you're like, fuck it this bullshit portion and then like twenty minutes after you're like, oh my god, I, that's way more than I even needed.

Ed Gamble Cacio y pepe there's, so it's normally like black pepper and then I think there's like pecorino or something

Todd Barry Yeah I think so, yeah

Ed Gamble I've made it, I've made it before. It's actually quite easy to make I think.

Todd Barry The two ingredient dish.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 22 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble The two ingredient dish. Don't forget, no, see you've forgotten the spaghetti

Todd Barry Oh the spaghetti, I am, al dente

Ed Gamble So you would have screwed that up massively if you had just put black pepper and cheese. You'd be like, oh there's something missing from this, it wasn't like this in the restaurant.

Todd Barry It'd just be the sauce, I'd be like, oh I forgot, I forgot a crucial element to this.

Ed Gamble But you use some of the pasta water.

Todd Barry Yeah, is that what, that's, cos I wondered if there was like an oil or it's just

Ed Gamble I think you use a bit of oil maybe sometimes but then it seems to be just the water that you cook the pasta in to melt the cheese

Todd Barry Have you heard of pasta al limone, am I allowed to bring up other pastas?

James Acaster Ah yeah, while we're in that area.

Todd Barry Have you ever had a pasta al limone.

Ed Gamble I have not.

James Acaster No.

Todd Barry It's kind of, exactly what it sounds like. Pasta with lemon.

Todd Barry Another great pasta I had was at a restaurant a few blocks away from here, it was their special and it was a pasta with butter, sea salt and mint.

James Acaster Oh!

Todd Barry That's it, I was fucked. Cos normally I don't, when they read the specials I'm like, I don't want specials, but they read this one and I was like, oh my god.

James Acaster Yeah

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 23 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Let's close this menu up. We're done. But that was phenomenal. Bur pasta's so bad for you right?
Ed Gamble Yeah. I mean you can feel it, while you're eating it you can feel how bad it is for you. But it's so delicious.
Todd Barry It's so good
James Acaster It is good.
Todd Barry Pasta with garlic and oil, oh my god.
James Acaster Yep, yeah those simple ones where it's just like, yep, the garlic and oil one.
Todd Barry Oh my god.
James Acaster I had a really hot one where it was just like just like oil and chilli
Todd Barry Oh that's good, I've had that too.
James Acaster That was very nice.
Todd Barry Where did you have that?
James Acaster Oh somewhere back home. Back back in the
Todd Barry Have you eaten here anywhere that's good?
James Acaster Yeah we've had some good meals so far but we haven't had good pasta yet. So any recommendations
Todd Barry Ah! Well there's actually a place just a block away that's really good
James Acaster What's it called?
Todd Barry It's called Lavagna, L-A-V-A-G-N-A on, am I allowed to reveal what neighbourhood we're in?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 24 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Ed Gamble Yeah course, yeah yeah yeah
Todd Barry I guess it doesn't matter, it's not going to be, it's not live
Ed Gamble If anyone comes down here
Todd Barry Some comedy lunatic's gonna come down here. It's on 15B. And they have a rigatoni with like turkey sausage in it that's, oh it's good. But there's a bunch of good pasta places.
James Acaster Oh yeah? I like when you're remembering foods that you really like you really get the hushed tone to your voice. It's very good.
Todd Barry I do. Yeah, that's the DJ in me. No
James Acaster Um, is there a particular place you'd like this starter from? Is there a place you've had the best one you've ever had?
Todd Barry Oh god, wow this is. Um I'm trying to think of where I've had. Oh there is a good restaurant. There's a place called Via Carota in the West Village that has a really good caci y pepe.
James Acaster Lovely.
Todd Barry Just get it from there. I didn't know, I didn't know we could order. I thought I was at a restaurant, I didn't know
James Acaster Oh no no no. This is like
Todd Barry This is me at home.
James Acaster I'm a genie
Todd Barry Yeah yeah yeah. It's a fantasy yeah.
James Acaster Yeah and I can get stuff from any place, any time in your life, places that have been shut down.
Todd Barry It's basically an uber eats. I don't, I've only used uber eats once, are you supposed to like have them come up to your door or, I have a door man but

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 25 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble Yeah, I think I think they do. Don't they? Deliveroo we've got in England as well.

James Acaster Yeah they're supposed to deliver it to your door.

Ed Gamble Yeah

James Acaster Or to your door man if that's your first line of defence.

Todd Barry Yeah it's my protector.

Ed Gamble Uber eats is weird because you feel like it should be like an uber so it's almost like you should get in the car and go with them to the restaurant and pick it up.

Todd Barry Yeah I'm still tryna figure out how it works. Is it just a regular uber driver who stops?

Ed Gamble I think I think it is, or they have some people on bikes as well doing it

Todd Barry Well I usually use Seamless which I don't know if you have but that's like Grub Hub and there's one called Caviar, why am I plugging these delivery sites?

Ed Gamble Free stuff?

Todd Barry Unless they want to give me a code

Ed Gamble Free stuff for Todd.

Todd Barry So yeah that would, let's make that my starter.

James Acaster Lovely.

Ed Gamble Lovely, great choice.

James Acaster So I mean, you're pretty full already?

Todd Barry I'm very full. Yeah I mean. But this is, you know

James Acaster It's a Dream Restaurant

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 26 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry It's the Dream Restaurant so let's say that I have a dream appetite.

James Acaster Your main.

Todd Barry Yeah, oh my main. This one might blow your mind a little bit but but at the same time it might not. There was a lot of choice, you don't want to hear the ones I've rejected.

James Acaster Oh yeah

Ed Gamble Oh yeah!

James Acaster Honourable muncheon.

Todd Barry I would say they're, I just had to pick one so I picked one. So I'm gonna say that I don't even think, you know

Ed Gamble These are all on a par with each other.

Todd Barry Yeah exactly

Ed Gamble Okay, let's have the, shall we have the rejection

Todd Barry I thought of a, I thought of kung pow chicken. I thought of a, like a, what else did I think? Well I guess a pizza.

Ed Gamble Just a general pizza.

Todd Barry A pizza with jalapeños and pepperoni.

Ed Gamble Yeah nice.

Todd Barry Although I'm trying to lay back on the meat so let's just say jalapeños.

Ed Gamble Okay

Todd Barry And let's add some pepperoni. Let's put the pepperoni back on that I've just made you take off. Yeah but then, you know, there's burgers, they're good. I don't know if you've ever had a burger before.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 27 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster yeah sure.
Ed Gamble Remind me what
James Acaster Describe one for the listeners who haven't, who don't know
Todd Barry There's like, there's fried chicken. Oh god, there's chicken fingers.
Ed Gamble All American sort of classic stuff.
Todd Barry But also, well I mean I would use my Italian, I played the Italian card with my starter, very smart of me. Do you want to know what I have picked for my main course? This will be good.
Ed Gamble Yes please.
Todd Barry Japanese curry.
Ed Gamble Oh yes.
Todd Barry Have you had that?
Ed Gamble Yeah!
James Acaster I don't think I have.
Ed Gamble You must have had like a katsu curry or something?
James Acaster Oh yes I have, yes. Yes I've had it loads. Delicious.
Todd Barry Yeah. So I've been eating a lot of that lately and it it's, some people don't even know about it. I've talked to people that know about food and I go, 'yeah have you had Japanese curry?' and they go, 'I don't even know what you're talking about'. Like how do I know this?
Ed Gamble It's quite like a fruity sauce right? Like a thick fruity sauce.
Todd Barry I wouldn't say it's fruity. Nah it's not fruity. Not at, not at any place I would go to.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 28 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Ed Gamble Is it not? Okay.
Todd Barry Well I mean, there's some where you, I like it when you can go to a place and there's a spice level, you know like how, there's one place I go to on the Lower East Side where there's spice level one to ten.
Ed Gamble And what do you go for?
Todd Barry I, I go for four.
Ed Gamble Okay.
Todd Barry But it's funny, I went to a place that I'd never been to a few months ago where I ordered it three and the guy basically said, 'no'. He goes, 'no'. I was like, 'alright I guess we'll go two' and oh, when you're right you're right, he was right. Cos I was with two I was like, oh my god, I can't imagine what
Ed Gamble So the two was too much?
Todd Barry Two was plenty of heat.
Ed Gamble And it went up to ten?
Todd Barry That one I don't, that may have gone up to five but the one I go to sometimes is yeah, goes up to ten, but I go to like four or five cos
Ed Gamble You don't want to ruin the meal for yourself
Todd Barry I mean I like to fancy myself, sorry to use that again, as someone who likes spicy food but there's such a range of spiciness, it's not just
Ed Gamble I made a mistake last night by eating a raw chilli that I think was just decoration on the plate.
Todd Barry Where did you eat?
Ed Gamble We were at a Thai restaurant called Wailer
James Acaster It was, well it's near where we're staying so it

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 29 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Ed Gamble It was like twenty minutes walk from where we're staying yeah
Todd Barry Where are you staying, am I allowed to ask?
Ed Gamble East village, we're in
James Acaster East Village
Todd Barry Ah okay. Yeah yeah that's a nice place. There's a good restaurant called Vicks there that has a Caci y Pepe
Ed Gamble Yeah
James Acaster Ah yeah?
Todd Barry Yeah! That's on Great Jones Street. That's one of my
Ed Gamble I think we should just eat caci y pepe for the rest of the trip.
Todd Barry But they have other great, they have other greats. They also have this thing, I almost thought about this as my starter. Am I allowed to back track?
James Acaster Of course!
Ed Gamble Absolutely.
Todd Barry Yeah I'm acting like there's some rigid rules to this fucking food podcast. But they had like these, I've forgot what it's called, like crispy onions. They're almost like an onion ring but they're not the ring. They're just like the, I don't know what you call it, the piece of onion. But they're fried in this sauce, oh my god.
Ed Gamble Is it like a blooming onion?
Todd Barry I guess it is but I would say it's probably an elevated blooming onion. But it probably, I've never had a blooming onion but now that you
Ed Gamble That, I mean that is not something that's come over to the UK.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 30 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Really?
Ed Gamble I've only ever had it in America and it blew my mind and as I was eating it I thought this is the thing that's gonna kill me one day.
Todd Barry Do you guys have burritos over there yet?
Ed Gamble Yeah we have, we've got burritos.
Todd Barry Cos the last time I was in the UK I was like you need like a Chipotle, if they open here that place would be a gold mine.
Ed Gamble They have now opened here.
James Acaster We've got, we've got Chipotle now, but here's the thing that's funny about that is that I only knew about Chipotle from your stand up.
Todd Barry Really? That's a coincidence.
James Acaster So when we got Chipotle all I could do when I saw the Chipotles was hear it in your voice in my head cos you're the only person I'd ever heard say it in my life was you in a stand-up special.
Todd Barry Oh okay. That's my, I mean my stand-up skews a little American, sorry.
James Acaster Oh yeah, there's so many of your routines I didn't understand: the container store.
Todd Barry Oh yeah, I mean that one you could figure out though.
James Acaster Yeah actually, I followed that one
Ed Gamble I mean it's pretty simple
Todd Barry Wow you're, you know, you're, I didn't realise what a rabid fan you were.
James Acaster I've got one special.
Todd Barry One? Okay that's, one down, four to go.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 31 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Yeah.
Ed Gamble That's good that you heard Todd say Chipotle because you definitely would have called it Chipottle wouldn't you?
James Acaster I would have called it Chipottle, I would have got the name wrong and everyone else I knew was saying Chipottle and I was like, it's actually Chipotle.
Todd Barry So did they open up in the UK?
James Acaster Yeah there's a few around London now. So the next time you're there you can get a
Todd Barry Really? When do they close, it's like seven o'clock or something?
James Acaster Is that a complaint you've got about London, that places close too early?
Todd Barry Yeah is that a hat complaint?
Ed Gamble No, not at all.
James Acaster You can make, I think it's
Todd Barry It's just a little weird over there that that like
Ed Gamble Everything shuts early
Todd Barry yeah it's just, for a hard drinking town like that you'd think
Ed Gamble Yeah, well it's cos everyone drinks so hard that they're all done by eleven.
Todd Barry But then you have that weird rule of, if you're staying at a hotel you can basically drink all night but the person who has the room is the one who has to pay?
Ed Gamble Yeah
Todd Barry So that person, I think I've been fucked on that one. People just start handing you money like yeah okay.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 32 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble You feel really bad because the person's working at the bar but also working at reception so they just have to come round from reception each time to get you more drinks.

Todd Barry Right, but having said that, you know I do like London a lot. In case you were worried. Oh. So the Japanese curry and I don't know which kind of that I would like for my dream meal because there's a place a few blocks away from here that does a beef curry that's really good. And I get five out of five on that one and it's just

James Acaster Oh do you?

Ed Gamble Whoa!

Todd Barry It's also a very small place where there's not even a bathroom so you sort of have to

Ed Gamble So that's a real risk

Todd Barry Well that's the thing where like you have to go, alright so I'm at this comedy club on Fourth Street, I'm gonna pee and then I'm gonna go to this place on Seventh Street

James Acaster And then you get the five out of five curry

Todd Barry Yeah

James Acaster And then, what are you going home or back to the comedy club?

Todd Barry Well it depends, I mean, I'm gonna say I probably went home. Unless I have, unless it's between shows.

James Acaster Sure.

Ed Gamble So would you eat a big meal before a show?

Todd Barry It depends what you mean by a how but

Ed Gamble From before a set say

Todd Barry A set I can probably pretty much do that but if I'm like headlining and people paid a thousand dollars to see me I would, I'd try, I mean sometimes that always is a precarious thing cos they're like, 'oh, you guys want dinner?' and you're like, 'yeah', 'there's this Thai restaurant here', 'yeah alright'. And

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 33 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

then you're like, I'll just get pad Thai and I'll eat half of it. And then you're just like, I'm not fucking eating half of it. But I often forget how my hunger you know, I've never been on stage going, 'oh I ate too much that I can't do a show' but psychologically I think it's good to be slightly just full.
Ed Gamble I think that would be a good angle for you if you want to try that at any point, being like the full comedian.
James Acaster Yeah I think you would be. You'd probably be funnier if you were full on stage.
Ed Gamble Yeah people would just be like, 'have you seen Todd Barry? He's full a lot'.
Todd Barry That would be funny, I could do like a CAT scan or something right before I go onstage like, as you see, my stomach is full. Alright let's do this now. I like it. I'm always looking for a gimmick.
James Acaster Yeah you can talk about being full on stage. Ask the audience members how full they are individually.
Ed Gamble Yeah. You have to be the fullest one in the room though.
James Acaster Yeah
Todd Barry Do they sell food at a lot of comedy venues in London?
James Acaster Not as much, I mean here it's a thing where like during the show people are getting food delivered. Not as much back home. But some places
Ed Gamble Yeah, like the big weekend clubs they'll serve they'll serve food.
Todd Barry Like a Comedy Store or a Jongleurs or something
Ed Gamble Yeah exactly. All the Glee Clubs they're the big sort of foodie ones. But it's, this is a bit of a hat comparison, a lot of people make this point but the drink minimum is not a thing in the UK. That's not a thing they would ever because everyone's always
Todd Barry Right yeah yeah, that's kind of unnecessary.
Ed Gamble Yeah exactly, yeah yeah. The food is a good idea because it's soaking up all the drink
Todd Barry Do you guys do a maximum there?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 34 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
James Acaster We should do.
Todd Barry There are clubs that do a maximum here.
James Acaster Right. Do they also do a minimum so you got to get
Todd Barry It's like, yeah, two to three basically, I think. But I don't know if it's two items, so food probably counts. I dunno. You know, I don't go there as a consumer, I just go there as as an artist.
James Acaster So you think you'll maybe have this beef curry? This Japanese beef curry?
Todd Barry But I, it's weird because I I watched this documentary forks over knives, did you see that?
James Acaster No.
Todd Barry It's on Netflix. It's about the sort of advantages of a plant-based diet. So yesterday I had curry and I had vegetable curry. And the vegetables I had, I always ask because there's a lot of vegetables I don't like. And it was mushrooms, potatoes, pumpkin, I think that was it. I said, alright I'll do that, no mushrooms. Extra hot.
Ed Gamble You're not a mushroom guy?
Todd Barry I could eat mushrooms if they're sort of hidden in like a spring roll or something. But I once ordered a veggie burger in Chicago and they showed up it was just a whole portobello mushroom like on a bun like that's not a fucking veggie burger that's a portobello mushroom on a bun.
Ed Gamble What's your bottom three vegetables?
Todd Barry Tomatoes, are tomatoes a vegetable or a fruit? I still don't know.
James Acaster A fruit.
Todd Barry Are they?
Ed Gamble Technically a fruit
Todd Barry I thought they were officially declared a vegetable even though they seem like a fruit.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 35 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble Oh really? I've not been keeping up with the news.
Todd Barry I could have just been making that up. But they disgust me. I'm just choking.
Ed Gamble Yeah? I really thought you were about to be sick there Todd.
James Acaster Yeah, that would be great. If you said they disgust me and then just puked.
Todd Barry You know like raw tomatoes?
Ed Gamble Yeah, not a fan?
Todd Barry Oh god. I can't even. Like, I have an anxiety attack when I order like a salad, I go please no tomatoes. Cos you know eighty percent of the time they didn't hear you or they are just on autopilot and you just see that salad approach and you just see all that red on top. Fucking disgusting.
James Acaster What don't you like about them?
Todd Barry They're just, they're, it's just it's a texture thing, it's a smell thing. But at the same time you know tomato sauce, if it's smooth and pulverised and ketchup you know?
Ed Gamble Yep. Is it seeds in the middle maybe?
Todd Barry It's the seeds, it's the smell and just ew. I don't like eggplant really. Although if it's fried into super thin crisps, probably. Cucumber I don't love, except if it's pickled.
Ed Gamble So a lot of these you do like if they've been transformed in some way.
Todd Barry Yeah yeah. If they're transformed to where they don't taste the way they're supposed to taste.
James Acaster Sure, yeah. When they're unrecognisable.
Todd Barry When they put ice cream on top of all of these things. Did I give you the three? I think I did.
Ed Gamble Yeah that was the three. That's a solid three.
Todd Barry Ah okay, I just want to play by the book. By the rules.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 36 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
James Acaster I feel like more so than ever that this episode feels like you're, like you're trying to get into a country and we're questioning you. Yeah, `what's your top three least favourite vegetables?!'.
Todd Barry Yeah. You guys are like the weird, the weirdest immigration guys ever.
Ed Gamble Yeah yeah food based immigration. Although this room, it's the first time we've been in this studio, it does have the sort of vibe of a side room of an airport.
James Acaster Yeah there's like a big interrogation window there
Todd Barry Yeah this is a very, I didn't know that you could have a back yard in this neighbourhood with like a secret recording studio.
James Acaster So your side dish for your curry.
Todd Barry Yeah this was, I really struggled with this one. Cos I I didn't necessarily try to make everything cohesive so I don't know that I would order this dream dish the way, should I make it cohesive?
Ed Gamble No you don't have to
James Acaster Not at all
Todd Barry Cos otherwise everything's gonna be from one restaurant.
Ed Gamble When you, I've just got a quick question with the main, when you order that does that come with rice?
Todd Barry Yes.
Ed Gamble So that comes with rice. Are you, is that gonna be part of the main dish order?
James Acaster That's part of the main course, that's part of the main course, that's fine.
Ed Gamble You don't need to consider rice as a side.
Todd Barry Okay, well I wasn't going to.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 37 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble Well I just want to let you know. You're keen to stick to the rules, it would be awful if you made a transgression at this point.
Todd Barry I, I mean, do you want me to tell you the rejected ones?
James Acaster ah yeah.
Ed Gamble Yes please.
Todd Barry Up til maybe two hours ago I had baked sweet potato as my side.
James Acaster Up til two hours ago?
Todd Barry Maybe a few hours ago, maybe it was last night. I definitely changed it in my little document here. But I also had green salad but then I was like, am I going for like last meal, like before I'm executed or sensible.
James Acaster Yeah
Todd Barry I don't know.
Ed Gamble it's a dream, you know, it's the dream meal.
Todd Barry Yeah, well then I'm just gonna go with fries man.
Ed Gamble Yep.
Todd Barry Is that the most popular one?
James Acaster I think it has been the most popular one and
Ed Gamble Yeah, for a reason I think.
James Acaster I think people always feel. Also, that look that you had in your eye when you said it, everyone always has that look in their eye. Very confident that I've made the right decision.
Todd Barry Yeah, I guess I could have split the difference and done sweet potato fries.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 38 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster You could have
Todd Barry Have you ever had those?
James Acaster Yes I have. I don't like them as much as fries but I tell you what, here in New York at Extra Fancy, have you been to Extra Fancy?
Todd Barry Extra Fancy?
James Acaster The restaurant in Williamsburg
Ed Gamble Yeah yeah it's in Brooklyn yeah.
James Acaster And they've got these sweet potato fries that you just dump seafood chowder on top of and that's great.
Ed Gamble Yeah. No?
James Acaster Uh oh. Todd doesn't like it.
Todd Barry Ooh no no. I mean I'm sure it's a good thing but it might not be for me, let's put it that way.
Ed Gamble Yeah it's not the, you seem to be into the very clear flavours, good ingredients. Dumping a load of chowder on some sweet potato fries.
Todd Barry So if it was fries, I guess, you know, yeah.
James Acaster We could mix them up together.
Todd Barry Oh you want? That's cheating though.
James Acaster If you want we could do it.
Ed Gamble If you want yeah a half and half, a half and half sweet potato and normal potato portion of fries to go with your half and half water?
Todd Barry No let's just go fries. So right now I have pasta, curry with rice and fries. So

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 39 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Ed Gamble This is definitely your last meal.
Todd Barry This is not this is not, this is a `fuck it' meal.
James Acaster And do you like them like very thin and crispy?
Todd Barry I like, I like very crunchy, I don't necessarily love what they call steak fries here, which are big fat fries, which I certainly can eat a pound of those without thinking twice but there not, I'd like them, I like almost all foods well done. Like a pizza well done, if I eat rare meat I like it well done.
James Acaster Right.
Ed Gamble Can you get a rare pizza?
Todd Barry No but sometimes, that's funny, yeah medium rare, I like pizza medium rare, that's funny. But you know, I like food that's slightly, almost burnt.
Ed Gamble Yeah okay. I guess it adds flavour with some things
James Acaster Yeah vegetables
Ed Gamble But I can't abide by a well done steak Todd, I'm sorry.
Todd Barry Are you rare?
Ed Gamble Yes.
Todd Barry Do you eat a lot of steak?
Ed Gamble Yeah, well you know, I eat, I've been known.
Todd Barry Yeah?
Ed Gamble I like a rare steak.
Todd Barry Do you?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 40 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble But I am also aware while I'm eating it that it's really impacting on the sort of

James Acaster That's why he crunches all that ice, he's getting his teeth ready for a big old, big old blue steak

Todd Barry For an excessive amount of steak.

Ed Gamble Absolutely, but I know what you mean about burnt stuff. Some stuff tastes way better if it's got a little bit of char on it.

James Acaster Absolutely. Absolutely, I like, I like a burnt quality to, also desserts and stuff. I like burnt caramel flavours.

Todd Barry Yeah? Burnt caramel's good. Sea salt caramel, that's become a new, that's the latest thing. Maybe as of eight years ago.

James Acaster Yeah. Do you remember when that came in? How did you feel?

Todd Barry Oh man, it's weird that the way these foods sometimes you're like, like caci y pepe to go back, I don't think I knew about that twelve years ago, but it must have been around for five hundred years. How is it like, oh they just invented caci y pepe? Kale. That's like that was just invented like four eight years ago.

Ed Gamble Like nice brussel sprouts as well.

Todd Barry Right. The brussel sprouts that, I remember the first time I had brussel sprouts where I was like oh, okay. Cos I just always heard, they are always like the sort of touchstone of the worst vegetable ever. And then I was at a thanksgiving dinner and there was a friend of a friend who was a chef and he actually made them and I remember he came around a poured a little vinegar on them. And I was like oh my god brussel sprouts!

Ed Gamble Hello!

Todd Barry But now I'm sick of them.

James Acaster Yeah?

Ed Gamble Yeah too much

Todd Barry Cos now every place has them and they're like the flash fried ones, those are good. But also cauliflower is good but it's also that, like a little goes a long way.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 41 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble Yeah, sure sure.
Todd Barry I know you didn't bring up cauliflower but if you want to edit that out
James Acaster But no cauliflower is the one that I, the crisper the better with cauliflower.
Ed Gamble That's having a moment as well.
Todd Barry I like, I prefer most vegetables raw.
James Acaster Really?
Todd Barry Yeah.
Ed Gamble Which goes against your normal ethos of well done.
Todd Barry Wow you're right.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I am. You're a complicated guy Todd
Todd Barry I am, I really am
James Acaster Yeah, we've got Jekyll and Hyde over here.
Todd Barry I'm just a fascinating dude like. Well I mean, well I guess you don't, yeah you're right. But I don't like boiled, like steamed broccoli I guess is alright but I prefer raw.
James Acaster Yeah I don't boil them.
Ed Gamble It feels like all the nutrients have gone.
Todd Barry Yeah
Ed Gamble And would you like some of your fries burnt to a crisp
Todd Barry Oh yeah I'd like them all well done.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 42 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Ed Gamble Yeah but like burnt, like black fries?
Todd Barry Not necessarily black but like teetering on the edge of, just really dancing on that line.
Ed Gamble So touch and go, so when they come out the kitchen the chef will be looking at them going, 'I don't know if we should send these out'.
Todd Barry 'This is what he asked for but fucking, I don't feel good about this'.
James Acaster So we're a couple of Brits gallivanting around New York, what fast food chain does the best fries?
Todd Barry Oh, best fries? Oh man. That's a good, there's a fast food chain, but they're not in New York, never mind then.
James Acaster Oh it could be somewhere that's not in New York.
Todd Barry There's one called steak and shake, that's one of my favourite fast food. If you drove through the heart land, if you drove through the heart land, it's sort of like a sit down fast food place but you eat, and it's open all night and I just always tip like eighty percent there because it's like two people eat for six dollars, so I tip a thousand percent, but I. There's not a lot of bad fries out there?
Ed Gamble Yeah?
Todd Barry I'm tryna think, but I mean I think more of a restaurant type, I mean there's a French fry restaurant here.
James Acaster Is there?
Todd Barry Yeah it's called Pommes Frites.
James Acaster Right?
Todd Barry It's sort of in the West Village. There might be other locations, so it's all fries.
James Acaster And they just do, just fries?
Todd Barry Just fries. Belgian, yeah, with many dipping sauces, as you would imagine.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 43 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Ah lovely.

Todd Barry But they double fry them I think. So those are quite good.

Ed Gamble It felt like a little while ago that there was a real arms race for how often you can fry a fry, how many times. Cos there was like the single normal fries and then double fried and then people are doing triple now.

Todd Barry I just I just, what did I eat in San Francisco I think and these fries were so good and I was like, 'how do you make these fries?', cos they didn't look well done but they were super crunchy. And the guy explained and I forgot but it was basically a triple.

Ed Gamble Triple fry.

James Acaster They triple fried them, shook them around a bit.

Todd Barry Yeah

James Acaster You gotta shake em around a bit.

Todd Barry You gotta shake and get that oil off them.

James Acaster Yeah yeah.

Todd Barry Little salt, maybe some ketchup, maybe some mustard. I like mustard on fries.

James Acaster What's your opinion of people who put mayonnaise on fries?

Todd Barry See that's the thing in this Pommes Frites place I think that's sort of like their default.

Ed Gamble It's a very Belgian thing.

Todd Barry Yeah yeah. I mean I could do it but I don't get anything out of that. So I'm not like gagging but I'm also like not gonna ask for mayonnaise.

James Acaster So if you were you know the scene at the start of Pulp Fiction where they're chatting about Burger King and fries, if you were in the back of that car with them for some reason, you're like the third person who's been sent on this job and they're talking and they were saying, ah you know what they do in Amsterdam, they drench fries in mayonnaise and then Samuel L Jackson always goes, 'ah

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 44 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
gross, are you kidding me?' and then like John Travolta's like, 'yeah I've seen them do it, they drown it in that shit'. What's your reaction in the back?
Todd Barry I'd probably just say something like, 'yeah no, that doesn't sound good. I wonder if you could order them without the mayonnaise?'. That would be my fix, I'm a fixer, I try to fix things.
Ed Gamble That's a better scene as well. And then you'd say thank you so much for the opportunity for being in this film.
Todd Barry Yeah, or I would say can you put the mayonnaise on the side just as a little, pretending I'm gonna dive into their culture but I'm throwing that shit out. 'Oops I didn't eat any of the mayonnaise you gave me, sorry'. I have more ketchup or vinegar on fries, oh my god.
Ed Gamble Yeah! That feels quite British, the vinegar.
Todd Barry Um yeah, I mean, you can have that.
James Acaster Yeah? Thank you. Salt and vinegar.
Ed Gamble Salt and vinegar on chips we're allowed to take that one?
Todd Barry Yeah I like vinegar on them.
James Acaster Very good. But on the crispy French fries, cos i don't think I've ever had them on the thin crispy French fries I probably haven't put vinegar on them. I put them on big fat chip shop chips.
Ed Gamble Floppy chips.
James Acaster And put it all on them. But maybe not on the crispy thin ones
Todd Barry Why why wouldn't? That's an interesting, that you even thought of that is interesting.
James Acaster Yeah, I guess I see it as the softer fries just soak up all the vinegar, like a big plump turkey
Ed Gamble Now for the listeners, James is acting like one of the big chips and he's wriggling around like a big soft fry.
Todd Barry Yeah, he's acting like a fly.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 45 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
James Acaster But the crispy ones I think the vinegar would just kind of sit on top of it
Ed Gamble Or make it soggy
Todd Barry No, you just sprinkle a little vinegar and I think
Ed Gamble Or a mister, you could get a mister, like a spray
Todd Barry I guess, I mean that would be
Ed Gamble We can do that for you Todd, this is the Dream Restaurant, we could put some vinegar in a mister.
Todd Barry No you know what, just give me the bottle and I'll shake a little on there.
Ed Gamble Ah okay
Todd Barry Like a whisper of
Ed Gamble A whisper of vinegar
Todd Barry Yeah so I mean I don't think, not enough to soggy them up or anything.
Ed Gamble Yeah. The merest suggestion of vinegar.
Todd Barry Yeah just a, just vinegar adjacent.
James Acaster Yeah so you and John Travolta and Samuel L Jackson have got out the car and you've gone up to that guy's apartment and you're, all three of them, you're trying to intimidate those guys in the apartment remember and
Todd Barry I don't remember the movie, I forget all movies
James Acaster And Samuel L Jackson eats that guy's burger and he's like, 'that is a tasty burger', doesn't he? He says that. Would you be there going, 'could I have some fries?'.
Todd Barry Oh

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 46 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster would you be there going, 'you guys got any fries as well?', to intimidate them, would you eat all their fries?
Todd Barry Oh. Why am I doing this now?
Ed Gamble Just to make your mark on the movie I think.
James Acaster There's these guys, there's these guys who have a briefcase that they owe to Marsellus Wallace and they haven't given it to him yet and Samuel L Jackson and John Travolta turn up to make sure that they give him the briefcase, because they've been late doing it, Samuel L Jackson wants to really send a message that you don't mess with Marsellus Wallace and so he eats this guy's burger and drinks his Sprite and then he shoots his friend in the stomach and then shoots this guy.
Todd Barry Yeah I probably wouldn't do that. I got gigs to do.
James Acaster But the build up to it is he starts eating this guy's Big Kahuna burger so I'm wondering if you're on of the, if this is the version of the film where Todd Barry's cast in it as well and you're with those two and you've gone up there, you've gotta do something to intimidate them as well so while he's eating the burger, are you eating the fries going, these are nice fries?
Todd Barry Yeah man, I mean I guess, if I'm gonna play along with this I would maybe grab like a larger, more fries than I'd normally like grab, just like seven put my fingers all over them as well.
Ed Gamble I was once in Camden Market with some friends and we were at fourteen or fifteen and a proper punk, like an old school punk with a pink mohawk, my friend had some McDonald's fries and the punk just walked past and took all the fries out of my friend's fry packet with one hand and just walked off eating them. And just without even looking just flipped him the bird behind. It was the punkest thing I've ever seen Todd.
Todd Barry I'm not in for violence but if that guy just got tackled and pummelled a little bit
Ed Gamble Yeah, just a little bit.
Todd Barry Just like one, cos that's a shitty thing to do.
Ed Gamble Yeah I mean it was pretty cool as well.
Todd Barry Yeah, you like that?
Ed Gamble Yeah it was pretty cool.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 47 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Todd Barry That's what punks are all about right?
James Acaster Yeah I heard it and thought it was pretty cool.
Todd Barry I don't see me being friends with that guy.
James Acaster No, I can't see you being friends with that guy.
Ed Gamble I'd like to see it.
James Acaster I'd be very surprised if like after this you walked out and just there's a guy with a pink mohawk waiting for you, like 'hey Todd!'.
Todd Barry Yeah and we do that same move. Go to the nearest McDonald's.
James Acaster So your drink.
Todd Barry Oh man, this is another one where, am I allowed to give the things I was thinking about.
James Acaster Absolutely.
Ed Gamble Of course!
Todd Barry I mean I don't drink a lot of alcohol but so I probably wouldn't have had, I drink some alcohol but I don't, I don't know if like I would have a win with dinner. But maybe, this is gonna sound boring, one thing I thought of was a ginger beer, like a non-alcoholic ginger beer because that's kind of delicious. And then I kind of, the one I settled on, I don't think you guys do this in where you're from, is iced tea.
James Acaster Yes, we're familiar with iced tea.
Ed Gamble We do have iced tea but not to the extent that you do iced tea over here.
Todd Barry Yeah?
Ed Gamble Are we talking like sweet tea? I've seen people have sweet tea on it's... which is crazy.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 48 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Sweet tea is, it's unbelievably sweet. Sometimes you can do a half and half, you just give me they'll give me a bit of both of those. I mean sweet tea is delicious but it's also like you feel guilty as your drinking it.
Ed Gamble Sure, but with this meal there are four types of carbs anyway.
Todd Barry But with a bunch of lemon oh yeah, maybe I ought to have like a moderately sweet iced tea. God how boring, I sound like the most boring guy in the world with that iced tea. I mean eight beers, I'll have eight beers.
Ed Gamble What flavour would you like the iced tea?
Todd Barry What flavour?
Ed Gamble Yeah is it like lemon or peach or something?
Todd Barry Oh, you know I once got a pedicure in Dallas and
Ed Gamble You know what Todd, I was not expecting that to be the next sentence.
James Acaster No!
Todd Barry But I remember, I was staying at a fancy hotel near there, I was working with someone else and they gave us one hundred dollar credit at this fancy hotel so I was like alright, I'm gonna, fuck it go get a pedicure. And I just remember this nice woman giving me, talking to me giving me my pedicure, she goes, 'do you want some peach iced tea?', so I was like, 'yes I do', it was fucking delicious. But the peaches I don't eat, that's the weird part.
James Acaster You don't eat peaches but you're having it anyway.
Todd Barry Yeah, the peach iced tea was, it was phenomenal.
Ed Gamble Would you like the pedicure peach iced tea?
James Acaster Yeah, we can give you that at this dream meal. The pedicure peach iced tea.
Todd Barry I don't know if I'd want the peach flavour over powering those spicy fries I just ordered. So I'm gonna say a regular, like a black tea or whatever standard, southern style. Half unsweetened, half sweet, with a few lemons. Maybe even a lime.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 49 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Maybe even put a lime in there.

Ed Gamble Great. Throw a lime in there.

Todd Barry I just I just made a game time decision about that.

James Acaster See now I'm imagining you as a character in To Kill a Mockingbird or something.

Todd Barry Oh really?

James Acaster Sitting on your porch, drinking your iced tea.

Ed Gamble Having a pedicure.

Todd Barry Eating Japanese curry.

Ed Gamble Classic there, that classic chapter.

James Acaster That'll be good. And what about, where do you stand on an Arnold Palmer.

Todd Barry Oh those are good! The thing about Arnold Palmers though is like, I can drink one in like two seconds, it just goes down so, it's great but then you just feel like oh, do I get another one? And then you're like oh it's all that sugar.

Ed Gamble So is that, is that lemonade and iced tea?

Todd Barry yes, yeah.

Ed Gamble Right, okay. Very sweet.

James Acaster I like them.

Todd Barry They're really good, yeah.

Ed Gamble Yeah

James Acaster But you are right, they go down very easily.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 50 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Yeah, I mean, depending on the hot, the heat, the temperature of the weather.

James Acaster The temperature of the weather.

Todd Barry Not the temperature of the iced tea.

James Acaster How often do you drink iced tea?

Todd Barry You know, it's interesting. Wait I just realised it's not interesting. I remember doing an interview about food and it was like, it was years ago about like, well I love going to coffee shops, I love iced tea. And then I realised, I don't order iced tea. I order coffee ninety nine percent of the time but iced tea's good instead of a second coffee, like in the morning you have a coffee and in the afternoon, I don't, the second cup is fine but it does not even nearly, but a nice iced fucking tea, oh my god.

James Acaster Do you think Ice-T drinks iced tea?

Todd Barry I have an Iced-T story if you want?

Ed Gamble Yeah!

Todd Barry I did his podcast.

James Acaster Great.

Todd Barry I got my, I had a publicist at the time, she was like Iced-T wants you on his podcast. And I was like, really? Okay. And, so then I booked in and I took a bus to his house and I went inside his house and he was very nice. But I could tell, he was like, 'what's your last name again?', I was like ah okay. He had like a twenty five year old comedy nerd, I think, booking it so it was like he was asking for all his favourites. And he was really nice but I remember he, this was in Ice, it was kind of surreal like taking a bus to Ice-T's actual house. Coco was there. But he just gave me iced water. It was one of the most surreal experiences in my career of showbusiness.

Ed Gamble What was Iced-T's podcast?

Todd Barry It was a lot about hip hop and rap and I, you know, he had guests on that would just kind of like meander in and I just felt like, they would be talking about rap and I was like, well I don't want to chime in, but I feel like I'm not saying anything. But I remember at one point he was like, 'I get you, I get you'. But he was nice.

James Acaster See now, what you want really, cos now that Iced-T has given you some ice cubes, you need ice cube to give you an Iced-T.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 51 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
Todd Barry Oh my god. That's that's full, that would be just complete this.
James Acaster Cos I bet, I bet no one's had that no one's had both experiences, who's actually been able to get both of them
Todd Barry See now you're making me feel inadequate because I was all excited, I was pretty satisfied with the iced water from Iced-T but
Ed Gamble Where does Vanilla Ice stand in all this?
Todd Barry Oh yeah I've got a Vanilla Ice story as well.
Ed Gamble Excellent.
James Acaster Go for it.
Todd Barry it's not much of a story but I was on a plane, sitting in coach, going to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and this guy gets on and I was like, sits in coach a few rows behind me, just sits down, puts his hat over his head and falls asleep. I was like whose that fucking guy? I think that's Vanilla Ice. So then I look at my phone and like he was just in town and I was like holy shit I'm on a plane with Vanilla Ice. So then we ended up, we land in Fort Lauderdale and we ended up washing our hands next to each other in the men's room. And he, I just remembered that he washed his hands like he's about to do surgery. I was like, alright, good for you, cos I'm kind of a hand washer like alright, yeah, scrub those hands man. But I thought it was cool, he flew coach and he was just flying by himself and I didn't chat him up, I think someone ask, I think I saw someone ask for a picture but I left him alone.
James Acaster You left, you left Vanilla Ice well alone. You just admired the hand washing
Todd Barry I just recognised, oh this is a good story right here. I mean, maybe it isn't but it's a life experience.
James Acaster I think it's good that you shared that moment with him while you were washing your hands.
Todd Barry Yeah I think that that made it, took it to the next level.
Ed Gamble you know if I ever meet Iced-T, no Vanilla Ice excuse me, I'll be very comfortable shaking his hand because I know that he's clean.
Todd Barry Yeah, very clean!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 52 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble But maybe that's why, maybe he met a fan and he just hates his fans so that's why he's washing himself you know

Todd Barry Oh that could be it. Yeah that could be it. I do that kind of right when I get offstage, or after I do like a meet and greet situation. Get me the first, where's the first sink near here?

James Acaster Yeah just sanitising the hands. Are you worried because you're a bit of a germaphobe?

Todd Barry I am. There's a bit of mine, I'm sure you'd love, about how I'm a lazy germaphobe but cos I don't really clean my floors but I wash my hands eight hundred times a day.

James Acaster I am familiar with that bit actually. Thank you for doing it live for me.

James Acaster Your dessert

Todd Barry At first I was gonna go with like, well how I would really maybe feel after eating all this food which is probably maybe I wouldn't want dessert but I would maybe, hey how about a lemon sorbet?

James Acaster Oh yeah

Todd Barry Like a light. And then I just went with something equally exciting, are you ready for this?

Ed Gamble Yep!

Todd Barry I almost thought of tiramisu also which is unbelievable.

James Acaster Yep! Very good.

Ed Gamble It's so delicious. But also, at the end of that meal if you have that, that's basically the last carb on the meal.

Todd Barry Yeah I mean, but, I just said how about a nice piece of vanilla cake with vanilla icing.

James Acaster Oh!

Todd Barry Yeah I know.

Ed Gamble Oh so like sort of birthday cake?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 53 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Yeah sort of like a birthday cake.

James Acaster Imagine if you got a vanilla cake with vanilla icing given to you by

Todd Barry Oh my god, I didn't even make that connection.

James Acaster Exciting stuff. Who knew that we went from a Vanilla Ice anecdote into some vanilla icing iced

Todd Barry How do you feel about coffee after, do you guys want coffee? It always seems like a weird ritual.

Ed Gamble I would have coffee after a meal. Depending on what, if I was going out, if I was going out after

Todd Barry Well what's the purpose of that? Are you like craving coffee? If you're going out after, ah okay, if you're gonna go tear up, if you needed to stay up until ten thirty or whatever to have fun in London.

James Acaster I like a peppermint tea after a meal maybe, if you, in my head it helps with the digestion.

Todd Barry You ever had an iced peppermint tea?

James Acaster No, is that a real thing?

Todd Barry Yeah. It's just, I bet you could figure out the recipe. They, also have you ever had like a hibiscus tea?

James Acaster Oh yeah yeah yeah.

Todd Barry Oh my god. That's nice.

Ed Gamble I'm not a tea guy. I've never been into tea. I don't know why I'm just straight coffee all day.

Todd Barry Really? I thought coffee just, I thought they just started serving coffee in London.

Ed Gamble Well yeah yeah, that's why I'm into it, I'm ahead of the trends.

Todd Barry There's good coffee shops in London. There's one called Kaffeine that I've been to that's

Ed Gamble Yes, Kaffeine with a K? Yeah yeah yeah that's a nice place.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 54 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry I like that one. They must be thrilled for the shout out I just gave them.

Ed Gamble There's another place that does really good coffee but I'm always annoyed by its name, it's called The Department of Social Affairs.

Todd Barry Ah, why would you be annoyed by that name? It's not like it's pretentious or, oh my god.

James Acaster You can't call it that.

Ed Gamble Yeah, that's what it's called. It's good coffee though so shout out.

James Acaster So I'm going to read your order back to you now Todd.

Todd Barry Alright.

James Acaster You would like still water, cold crushed ice. Popadoms, starter caci y pepe?

Todd Barry Caci y pepe, yeah.

James Acaster With some chilli flakes on the side from Via Karota.

Todd Barry Yeah yeah.

James Acaster Main, Japanese curry with rice.

Todd Barry Yeah

Ed Gamble Are we going with beef or the veg?

Todd Barry Oh let's go, let's go Kastu chicken on that one.

Ed Gamble Yeah yeah. It didn't even get a shout out in the last one, another game time decision.

Todd Barry I know. Yeah yeah. Extra hot, extra hot curry. Extra spicy.

James Acaster Extra hot. Five out of five. Side, fries. From?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 55 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Todd Barry Yeah, oh god. I would, oh god, who has good fries? I don't know. Can I not know? . James Acaster Yeah you can just have the best, the finest fries

Todd Barry Yeah send me your finest, I trust you. Look Google it, yelp it up, google it.

Ed Gamble But well done fries.

James Acaster Yeah well done fries. Yeah, crispy. Drink, iced tea.

Todd Barry Yeah!

James Acaster It says here half and half lemon and lime.

Todd Barry Half, not Half and Half the milk, the half sweet, half not, unsweet

James Acaster Half sweet tea, half unsweet tea,

Todd Barry Yeah

James Acaster There's loads of lemons in there and a lime.

Todd Barry Yeah sure, why not.

James Acaster There's a vanilla icing iced vanilla cake, served to you by Vanilla Ice. In his bare hands because you know you can trust him, not even a plate, just the cake directly onto his hands and you

Ed Gamble And you eat it off his hands

James Acaster Like a horse

Ed Gamble Yeah

James Acaster He keeps a flat palm for you.

Todd Barry I'd let, yeah I'd let him serve me the cake. Great.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 56 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

Ed Gamble Perfect, that sounds like the perfect end to the meal.

James Acaster And Iced-T will serve you the iced tea.

Todd Barry Yeah, I mean I didn't know we were getting into that

James Acaster I think it's fine. And then Ice Cube serves you the iced water at the beginning.

Todd Barry Sure

Ed Gamble This is more rappers than we've ever had

James Acaster Yeah, McPoppadom gives you the poppadom

Todd Barry DJ Fries

James Acaster Yeah, DJ fries comes in

Ed Gamble Yeah. Always nice to see DJ Fries popping up. Thank you very much for coming to the Dream Restaurant.

Todd Barry Thanks! This was fun.

James Acaster Thank you Todd.

Todd Barry Oh, I guess that's it.

Ed Gamble Yep.

Todd Barry Bye!

Ed Gamble Todd Barry there!

James Acaster What a great menu!

Ed Gamble Great menu

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 57 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Great guy.

Ed Gamble Great guy, great menu and, did not say candy mice.

James Acaster Thank you very much for not saying candy mice Todd. He said he had a lovely vanilla cake with some vanilla icing.

Ed Gamble Yes he did. Very delicious.

James Acaster and there are no rappers called Candy Mice.

Ed Gamble No there aren't, as far as I'm aware.

Ja Although, good rapper name

Ed Gamble It is quite a good rapper name.

James Acaster I'd call myself Candy Mouse.

Ed Gamble Candy Mouse yeah, Kandy with a K?

James Acaster No no I think there's not enough, too many rappers change the Cs to the Ks, I'll be Candy Mouse

Ed Gamble S of the mouse is a dollar sign?

James Acaster Yep. Absolutely the S of the mouse is a dollar sign. Thank you for that.

Ed Gamble And the E, and the E is the euro sign.

James Acaster Yeah, just to keep it currency.

Ed Gamble Whoa. Whoa whoa whoa.

James Acaster Yeah, that'll really stick it to the leave voters.

Ed Gamble And the Y of Candy is yen.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 58 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

James Acaster Ah great. Now I'm trying to think of other

Ed Gamble And the C of Candy is cent.

James Acaster Very good.

Ed Gamble And the D of Candy is dong. But I don't know what the sign for dong is.

James Acaster Okay

Ed Gamble But it could be.

James Acaster Yeah.

Ed Gamble Anyway, this is the sort of riff we normally have off air.

James Acaster I enjoyed it on air that time, that was really good. There was a point I thought, he's gonna do the whole thing.

Ed Gamble Yeah I thought I could do too but I ran out of currencies that I now. So thank you very much for coming into the Dream Restaurant Todd, that was a wonderful menu. If you enjoyed the sound of Todd, you probably know Todd's work already. But he does have a Netflix special available now, a new Netflix special called Spicy Honey.

James Acaster Yeah get on there and watch it. I think he's got some other specials on there as well, I don't know if The Crowd Work

Ed Gamble I think that's on there.

James Acaster I think that's on there. You can watch Todd do Crowd Work. If it's not on there you canoff menu todd probably find it somewhere else on the internet.

Ed Gamble Yes, he's also got a book out called Thank You for Coming to Hattiesburg. So check that out as well. He's a very prolific and very funny man.

James Acaster Excellent stuff.

Ed Gamble What we got going on James?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 59 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry
James Acaster Oh not much just really us doing this, hanging out with you and Benito, oh Ed Gamble See you next week!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 60 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 94: Todd Barry

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 61 -

