Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Off Menu ­ Ep95 ­ Rosie Jones
Ed Gamble Welcome to the Off Menu podcast where we dip hot and crispy chat into cool humour. Hello James.
Ed Gamble Hello Ed gamble. My name is James Acaster.
Ed Gamble Yes, full name James Acaster, full name James William Bartholomew Acaster.
Ed Gamble Oh, not far off.
Ed Gamble Not far off. Williams right, isn't it?
James Acaster Yeah. Now I'm trying to remember. Now you you have a funny middle name.
Ed Gamble I have an amusing middle name. I've got two actually now.
James Acaster Yes. I'm very annoyed that I can't remember them. Because I think that one of them is like a surname.
Ed Gamble Surly you've seen my hit show Blood Sugar, James.
James Acaster I have seen your hit show Blood Sugar and you're very funny routines about your father. And him giving you and your siblings bad middle names. I remember that his cat is called mutabi.
Ed Gamble Mattatabi, close.
James Acaster Mattatabi, that's even funnier.
Ed Gamble Now. See if you can guess my middle names, Benito loves guessing games.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
James Acaster He loves guessing games. I feel like it's something like you're named after some soldier. Or is that your sister's middle name?
Ed Gamble Thats, my sister's one. I'm just gonna, I'm gonna reveal what it is, my middle name is Stephenson. So anyway, anyway this is not a names podcast, James, is it?
James Acaster No, no, it's a food podcast. We have a guest into the dream restaurant and we ask them what their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish, drink is and people get annoyed that I say it in the wrong order. But you know what? I don't care.
Ed Gamble He doesn't care. The guy couldn't care less.
Ed Gamble And this week, our guest is Rosie Jones.
Ed Gamble Rosie Jones. She is a wonderful stand up, a soon to be published children's author, which is hilarious, because as you'll hear, she is a very rude lady.
James Acaster Yep. She has a wonderful podcast of her own called Daddy look at me, with Helen Bauer.
Ed Gamble Yes she does. We've both been guests on that. So go and check that out. It's about the things you used to do when you were a kid, when used to show off to try and get your parents affection, etc. It's very, very funny. Go and check that out. But James, even though she has all of those wonderful things, and she's such a wonderful comedian, if she says the secret ingredient which we don't like, we will kick her out of the restaurant and the secret ingredient this week is,
James Acaster Rose water.
Ed Gamble Rose water. We don't need that shit. Thank you.
James Acaster I mean, I don't see the point in it. The flavours just a bit nothingy. I'd rather have normal water to be honest.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
It's like having a bit of bathwater get into your mouth.
James Acaster Yeah, yeah, that's exactly what it's like. So I'm all for kicking Rosie out. She says it.
Ed Gamble If she says that she's getting out. I suspect that she won't say rosewater. I'm gonna put it out there. She's never given me a rose water vibe. To be honest, you know?
James Acaster No, but you know, we couldn't resist it. Her name is Rosie.
Ed Gamble Her name is Rosie. That's true. So actually, even if she if she orders any water, technically she's ordered Rosie water, which shes out for that, right?
James Acaster Fair enough. Yeah, that's good.
Ed Gamble All right, cool. Well, here is the Off Menu menu of Rosie Jones.
Ed Gamble Rosie Jones. Welcome to the dream restaurant. This is the first time we've had a guest where you can hear them being excited before I've said anything.
James Acaster Welcome Rosie Jones to the dream resturant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Rosie Jones Say, I heard a rumour that you had banned me.
James Acaster Yeah. Yes.
Ed Gamble Who did you hear that rumour from?
Rosie Jones you.
James Acaster Yes. I think I said that.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Rosie Jones I mean, I've been waiting. I've been in the queue for years And every time I get near to the door, you shut is.
James Acaster Yes. Sure.
Rosie Jones Why do you hate me?
Ed Gamble It's a good question. James is the one who's clearly banned you I wasn't aware of this arrangement. Has this come from you, James?
James Acaster Yes. I banned Rosie. Yeah, I think I think she's disruptive. We try to keep a quiet restaurant here where everyone can just relax. She's very disruptive, she's a bully on occasion. I'd say she's a bully.
Rosie Jones Oh, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Ed Gamble Yeah, it's not making you sound like a bully at all. Rosie.
Rosie Jones I am not a bully. I build character.
Ed Gamble Thats what you're doing, I get it right okay. So, James, are you worried that Rosie was going to build our characters too much if we let her in.
James Acaster I don't like people building characters in the dream resturant. I thought she was going to come in and try and build our characters. And also, I was worried that I thought ban her now before she gets on because, I reckon, if Rosie said the secret ingredient I think she would refuse to leave if we tried to kick her out the restaurant.
Ed Gamble Oh, yeah, once she's in we're not getting rid of her.
Rosie Jones No. No. I've brought my suitcase and I'm here to stay.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
She's gonna live here now, become part of the whole world. Every time we have a guest on.
Rosie Jones Yeah
Ed Gamble We're gonna have to give her a job.
Rosie Jones Oh my god, can I be the door man?
Ed Gamble No because you seem to just want to refuse people, you're just there saying no, no, no, no all the time.
Rosie Jones Yeah, cos I want it to be my resturant. Why does everyone else need to come in. I'm here now you can just cook for me all day every day.
Ed Gamble I mean, you really are missing out, you're missing out if you're just listening to this. Which you are cos we don't release a video but the the gesture Rosie did when she said you cook for me all day every day. I mean, it was like watching a four year old girl at her princess party just going, mmmm and.
James Acaster Yeah, you put both your hands in the air and you stuck your bum out to the side. And did a little squidge motion.
Ed Gamble Squidge motion. That's what it was.
James Acaster Yeah, squish the whole body together like that. You wanna be the bouncer and stop everyone else getting in so you can eat all the food.
Rosie Jones Yeah. I mean, whats your problem with that?
James Acaster Immediately, this is like, you know, justifying my decision.
Rosie Jones Maybe we could do a take away and a bouncer. People the door, say what they want and we make it. I eat it. And I tell them if it's good or bad.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Ed Gamble Right. It doesn't seem like a great takeaway i'll be honest. So the takeaway is that they know if it's nice or not. The main the main takeaway from this is that you're a bully.
Rosie Jones Honestly, how could I be a bully. I'm a little disabled lady.
James Acaster Alright, how long did that take. How long did that take for that to be the excuse.
Rosie Jones It's the secret ingredient. I'm disabled.
Ed Gamble The Secret ingredient is disability. Unfortunately, you've got to leave the restaurant now.
James Acaster Goodbye.
Rosie Jones I'm very happy to be here.
Ed Gamble We're very happy to have you here. Despite James trying to ban you. I think it's gonna be a good one. I'm looking forward to hearing your menu. Rosie. You like your food? Are you a foodie?
Rosie Jones Oh, my, god. I love food so much. So much, that genuinley my first word was all gone. And I only started speaking because I ran out of food and I needed to say, all gone, which meant, Mum get your shit together and get me more fucking food.
James Acaster I'll tell you something. This is true. My first words were all gone as well. Yeah, yeah, I used to hold up the plate, tip it upside down and I would say all gone, like that. And that was my that's my first words.
Rosie Jones Oh my god James.
Ed Gamble Do you know what mine were? Poached Salmon, it was food based though, it was hot. Oh, I had something hot and I went hot hot.
James Acaster Did you?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones

Rosie Jones Thats actually quite cute.
Ed Gamble I am quite cute. I'm an absolute cutie pie actually.
Rosie Jones No no. Too far. And then my first sentence was actually quite complicated. It was, shall we all go to McDonalds. Is that a good idea?
Ed Gamble Rosie I absolutely don't believe that, that your first sentence was that many words. and so specific.
Rosie Jones Well it was, we go Mac Don Don, that good idea.
Ed Gamble Right now we're getting to the bottom of this line. It wasn't Shall we go to McDonald's? Is that a good idea? It was we go to Mac Don Don, that good idea.
James Acaster We go Mac Don Don, that good idea.
Ed Gamble I mean of all the of all the abbreviations for McDonald's. I think McDon Don is my favourite.
James Acaster I'll be adopting that.
Rosie Jones And the answer to that is always yes. It is a good idea to go to McDonDon. All day, every day.
James Acaster Unless you go with me, and then you might get angry.
Ed Gamble Yeah, James's McDonDon order is absolutely awful. I said McDong Dong there. That's not the same place.
James Acaster It's a different place. But that is always a good idea to go to Mc Dong Dong.
Rosie Jones

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Whats your McDonDon order?
James Acaster Diet Coke
Ed Gamble Starting with a drink, so that should tell you how bad it is. He starts by telling you the drink.
James Acaster Diet Coke, grilled chicken wrap and a bag of carrots.
Rosie Jones Hahaha, No!
Ed Gamble Initially laughed, now angry.
James Acaster the catchphrase has come back.
Ed Gamble It's a Mc no no from Rosie
Rosie Jones Carrots!
James Acaster yeah
Rosie Jones Ca, ca, carrots! No.
Ed Gamble What's your McDonDon order?
Rosie Jones Actually, controversial. I mean it's not as fucked and weird as him. But you know, I like a chicken select. It comes in threes or fives, so obviously I get ten. Ten chicken selects and bag of chips. Thats for me, thats it.
Ed Gamble That's more of a standard McDonDon order but you're right it's still quite weird. I don't know why, what's wrong with a Big Mac or a quarter pounder with cheese? What's wrong with you people?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Rosie Jones I mean, we're getting ahead of the game here but I don't like bread. I feel like what is the point in bread. You get in, nothing. Give me more meat. Thats all I need. Bread, fuck off.
Ed Gamble I knew that was coming.
James Acaster Well, let's start with still or sparkling water. And then we're going to delve into this bread situation a little bit more.
Rosie Jones I mean, I've been through this before. Tap. Just give me a bit of tap water cos I don't trust you. You're a sneeky bugger. You're gonna go, still or sparkling? I'll go still and you'll slap on a £30 water bill. No, fetch me a tap and i'll do it for myself.
Ed Gamble You are a sneaky bugger James.
James Acaster Well yeah, well for a second there I thought like I've done something to Rosie in the past and there was still a sparkling water that I'd forgotten about, I'd tricked her and gone like, do you want still a sparkling water Rosie? And then come back with some massive trick, massive prank. I don't even know what it would be. But you mean waiters in general?
Rosie Jones Yeah. Waiters in general. I once spent £40 on water.
Ed Gamble What?
Rosie Jones £40.
Ed Gamble Where?
Rosie Jones it was a lovely hotel. We went for New Years eve one time for a slap up meal. £10 a water bottle. So now, whereever I go, I go tap, tap. Hello, tap. Sparkling water is the devil, I hate it. You could not pay me to drink it. What is it? It fizzes for no reason.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Well, I don't think it fizzes for no reason. Rosie? What do you mean you're fizzes for no reason. There's, there's bubbles in it. It's fizzy because it's got carbon dioxide in it.
Rosie Jones Why tho, who wants a fizzy bottle of shit all.
Ed Gamble I do sort of agree with you there. When you really think about sparkling water, there's no purpose for it. It doesn't really, it's not exciting. Like Coke and stuff is exciting because it's all sweet and delicious and bubbly and it feels like a Willy Wonka thing. Sparkling water, no, not at all.
Ed Gamble What kind of a tap do you want me to use when I'm getting your tap water? What's your favourite tap design?
Rosie Jones Oooo, this is a great question.
Ed Gamble It isn't, but thanks.
Rosie Jones You know what, I like old school. I like my cold to be separate. So you know what you're getting. None of that squeeky bullshit, because you don't know what you're getting. No, I want an individual cold one. Screw it, pour it, screw it back, Lovely glass of cold water. You know what I say, I say keep em separate.
James Acaster You want the screwed taps as opposed to the push you pull ones or motion sensor.
Rosie Jones No, No No. You know when I want water, I want to be in control.
Ed Gamble I think you're in control of the motion sensors though. They don't start running water when you move like 50 metres away. You have to like wave it over the thing.
Rosie Jones Yeah, but sometimes they stop too soon. You think you're in control, but actually the tap controls you.
Ed Gamble We've got a little sink with one of those like waterfall taps where the top of the tap is like missing deliberately. So use It come out and then it like falls off the edge. We very rarely use it so every time

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
you turn it on it basically coughs a load of water at you and it's exactly the height of my dick so whenever I try and wash my hands in there I come out looking like i've pissed myself.
Rosie Jones Great. Or beacuse you have.
Ed Gamble because I have, It's actually a very convenient fault to have.
James Acaster Poppadoms or bread? Poppadoms or bread, Rosie Jones? Poppadoms or bread?
Rosie Jones You know this. Every single day of the week, give me that poppadom.
Ed Gamble What's your problem with bread? Because bread is delicious by itself you can have amazing bread put some butter on it, lovely. A lovely sandwich Rosie Jones. What about a lovely sandwich
Rosie Jones No, you said a swear word to me, because I literally liked all food. I do like bread, but on my terms. But the only thing I do not and will not eat is butter. No, I don't do any type of butter.
Ed Gamble But of course you do it's in loads of stuff.
Rosie Jones Well I eat it if I can't see it. But in terms of butter on bread, No. Not on bread, not on crackers, cos I find it too greasy. I do like bread, but I don't like white bread, warps, sweet bread. I love a chiabatta.
Ed Gamble Thats white bread.
Rosie Jones A focaccia.
Ed Gamble Thats white bread.
Rosie Jones I love a frech stick.
Ed Gamble Yeah, white bread.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Rosie Jones I love it with a little bit of a crunch. But no, white bread, absolutley go fuck yourself.
Ed Gamble Yeah, all of those things you said were white bread.
James Acaster Well no. I know what Rosie means. She means sliced white bread that's all you know. Sugared up and made in a factory.
Ed Gamble Ok, yeah. Bad, sliced white bread. I only very very rarely, maybe once a year I think, I'd really like some just shit toast.
Rosie Jones No,
Ed Gamble no, no, I know.
Rosie Jones Poppadoms or bread, always poppadoms.
James Acaster What are you going for with your poppadoms and how are they less messy than butter?
Rosie Jones I love all the dips and a warm poppadom. So you're talking, mango cuntney, rita, and the red one. Whats the red one?
James Acaster It's really hot. Isn't it? The hot, the hottest one, yeah.
Rosie Jones So when it comes, you need to eat it quickly, before it goes soggy. And eating it quickly means a lot of those dips go in your eyebrows.
Ed Gamble straight in the eyebrow?
James Acaster Obviously.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Rosie Jones No, I think it's mostly on the cheek area. But you do get some splash back.
Ed Gamble In an Indian restaurant, you must be the only person who actually uses the hot towels they bring at the end.
James Acaster Now you missed out some classic dips there. The pickle is the one that people will be most,
Rosie Jones No, don't like it. Don't like it Jim-bob, it's a bit too hot and it's a bit too chunky.
James Acaster I got a job of lime pickle for Christmas. My main person from my parents this year.
Ed Gamble They brought you a jar of lime pickle even. You mean, they cleaning out their cupboards in November.
James Acaster The Christmas just gone. That was my main present from my Mum and Dad, was a jar of lime pickle.
Rosie Jones Why don't they like you?
James Acaster You'd have to ask them.
Ed Gamble Thats a good question.
Rosie Jones Basically, having cerebral palsy, I try to eat the messiest food. Becuase thats how I find my true friends. Whenever I want to test someones loyalty, I'll take them to a resturant and i'll order ribs, bacuse if you're willing to sit there and watch a girl with severe cerebral palsy eat some really sticky ribs, and get them, frakly, everywhere. We're talking, face, trouseres, top, shoes, table, waiter, on your hair. If you're willing to sit there and watch an absolute monstrosity, thats a good friend.
Ed Gamble I really want to go for ribs with you now Rosie. Cuz look, I get messy eating ribs as well but I feel like if I was with you I'd also feel a bit more comfortable in just really letting loose and we could just go absolutely rib crazy.
Rosie Jones

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Thats the thing with me, I do not give a shit.
James Acaster I mean, if there was ever a statement that someone didn't have to make. Let's get onto your starter Rosie. how messy is this?
Rosie Jones Actually, not messy at all. I think you're gonna hate me. Because I need to warn you that I will be here for about 12 hours. Because I like eating slowly. Suprise, suprise.
James Acaster I'd love it if they brought back Surprise Surprise and Rosie was the host.
Ed Gamble Oh Rosie, please. If you could host a reboot of Surprise Surprise that got to be.
Rosie Jones Oh my god. But between the first surprise and the second surprise, everyone will guess the surprise. So my starter, I think it will take me about three hours to eat, and it's just crisps. You're talking twiglets, pringles.
Ed Gamble Fucking hell.
Rosie Jones What?
James Acaster You just had poppadoms.
Ed Gamble Also, Rosie you started - we started this interview by you saying, oh my god, I love food. I'm such a foodie and your starter is, and I quote, just crisps.
James Acaster Just crisp.
Rosie Jones But wait. I don't think you understand the scale of it.
Ed Gamble Okay, sorry. Take us through it again.
Rosie Jones

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Ok. Twiglegs, pringles, bacon rashers, them little onion rings, salt and vinegar sticks. I want peanuts as well. Peanuts, cashew nuts. I want them cheese straws. Oh and I want hula hoops. I want Doritos of every flavour. I want niknaks, but only the BBQ rib version. I want the crinkley mini cheddars. I don't want walkers, cos I feel like I can get walkers anywhere.
Ed Gamble You can get any of those things you've said anywhere. Every single thing you' ve said, you can get the same shop you can get the walkers.
James Acaster Yeah, you're not travelling to Calais for the rest of them are you. You've just ordered a load of bar snacks Rosie.
Ed Gamble This is now, you know you did you did the move earlier, this is now the four year old girl demanding what crisps she wants at her princess party.
Rosie Jones But it's more about the environment. I'm having all my favourite snacks in one place. Whats wrong with that?
Ed Gamble Do you want it all in one big bowl, Rosie? or do you want it in separate bowls?
James Acaster No lucky dip?
Rosie Jones No, I wan't to be here - oh wait, did I say pretzles?
James Acaster No, I mean you said everything else but yeah. I think you missed out pretzels and pork scratchings and that was it.
Rosie Jones No Jim, Jim-bob, I don't want pork scratchings. I want pretzles. I want to be in control of where I sit. So in one bowl, you're gonna get the cheesy doritos on the twiglet. No one wants a cheesy twiglet, do they?
James Acaster Actually, it sounds quite nice now you've said that. Melted cheese and marmites nice.
Ed Gamble Melted Cheese and marmites nice.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones

Rosie Jones No.
Ed Gamble I imagine you Rosie, with like 50 bowls all lined up in front of you on the table. And you're dipping in and going back and forth really quickly. And it's like you know when you see people with loads of glasses with different amounts of water in and they play it like an orchestra. I see you playing the snacks like a water glass orchestra.
Rosie Jones Yeah. This is also a question because I like that in your resturant, you're able to provide me with a table that looks a bit like a doughnut. So ideally, I want to sit in the middle and have the table surrounding me. So I get 360 swivel. So i'm like ooo twiglets, ooo wotsits.
James Acaster No. You didn't say wotsits.
Rosie Jones The wotsits are behind me, and i've got every pringle lined up infront of me.
James Acaster Do you want the table to rotate like a lazy susan around you? Or do you want to spin around on your chair in the middle? Or do you want both to spin around and you see what happens?
Rosie Jones Oh my god, please can the table rotate.
Ed Gamble Do you want to be in charge of how the table rotates? Or do you want it sort of slowly going round so you can just like pick as it goes around but like a YoSushi belt
Rosie Jones No Ed, how do you not know this about me. I need to be in control.
Ed Gamble I do know that.
Rosie Jones Take control every little detail of when and where the table rotates. And, please, please, about every 20 minutes just supprise me with a different snack, so i'm always excited.
James Acaster Did you say quavers? Did you mention quavers?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones

Rosie Jones I haven't mentioned quavers. Bring the quavers, but only cheese. Don't bring me that prawn cocktail shit.
Ed Gamble Now I'll be honest with you Rosie. This doesn't - this is not my sort of starter like, I like nuts. I like the nuts element. That's great. I think I might be a bit of a crisp snob you know. I don't like quavers, wotsits, twiglets, the chip sticks. I don't like any of that. I like proper, like my favourite crisps Rosie, are Torres black truffle potato crisps.
Rosie Jones oh, fuck right off.
Ed Gamble They are phenomenal, have you have them?
Rosie Jones No, beacuse i'm not a pretentious prick.
Ed Gamble Well I am. I'm happy to be pretentious prick if I could sit there with a big bowl of black truffle crisps, munching away all day long. yum, yum , yum.
Rosie Jones Oh my god. Space invaders. Can I get a big bowl of space invaders.
Ed Gamble do you mean Space Raiders?
Rosie Jones Raiders, no invaders.
James Acaster Weirdly, even though like, you know, we've talked about a lot of crisps, there are still some ones I would like to ask you about, see if you like them or not. This one often gets forgotten I'd say. I'd say you only remember these crisps even exist when you see them but yet they're one of the most common ones. Squares?
Rosie Jones No.
Ed Gamble No you're right

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Rosie Jones Honestly, earlier today a little voice in my head was like, Squares? And I went, No. No. They taste of nothing. No.
James Acaster That's fair enough. How do you think they've kept going that long. because no one's favourite crisps. Right?
Rosie Jones Because they're always on offer. I think parents who hate there kids buy them.
James Acaster Really we should move on and talk about your main course. But,
Ed Gamble I've just remembered this is your starter. I was sat here going oh, we really shouldn't move on. We haven't had Rosie starter yet. In the back of my mind thinking, it can't be just crisps.
Rosie Jones Yeah, whats wrong with that?
Ed Gamble What like about it is when I'm saying that it's a controversial choice of starter you look at me as if, how could anyone not pick just crisps as a starter? It's the only choice for a starter is just loads of crisps.
Rosie Jones Honestly, I'm a fan of them all, but i'm only picking the obvious ones.
Ed Gamble So someone else must have done just crisps. It must be every other episode.
Ed Gamble Someone must have done just crisps.
James Acaster I don't think we've had anyone say for my starter, I would like to eat crisps for three hours. I don't think we've had that yet.
Ed Gamble Forgot it was for three hours.
Rosie Jones

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Honestly, because you never get board, you never get full, you just revolve in that table and crunch in those sweet, sweet crispies. I have never been able to go into a resturant and order just a shitload of crispts.
James Acaster Maybe throughout your meal. We might surprise you every now and again, with a packet of different crisps and see what you think.
Rosie Jones Oh my god, that would be incredible. Can I get a different crisp between each course.
Ed Gamble Yeah, for you we'll do that. Absolutely. We've never done that before in Off Menu but yes for you Rosie we'll give you a different Crisp inbetween each course.
James Acaster So we come to your main course which I imagine is a load of chocolate bars, what we talkin about now?
Rosie Jones I think you'll like this one, becuase again, I want to graze. U'm staying with a revolving table, but I am having tapas. Just every spanish meal. You're talking patatas bravas, I'll have a little bread, i'll have a little pantone tomato. I'll have a lot of sea food. I'll have chippi monnes, which is mini octopus. I love bali monnes which is sardine. I'll have albondegas which is meat balls.
Ed Gamble They're so good.
Rosie Jones I'll have chorizo, I'll have all the hams. All the hams. I'll have all the cheeses, cos i'm being sneeky, and I was gonna have cheese for pudding. Don't hate me.
James Acaster Well obviously I do.
Rosie Jones Now I can have a cheese section behind me. All the manchego in the world. Yeah, my nanna is spanish. So you can just rope her in. Pop her in the kitchen and she'll cook everything.
Ed Gamble Certainly in my eyes, Rosie, I feel like you might have redeemed yourself from the just crisps situation. I absolutely love all of that. I love Spanish food. albondigas especially those meatballs are absolutely incredible.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Rosie Jones Yeah, great.
Ed Gamble Tell me, you didn't mention croquettas
Rosie Jones Oh my god. How did I not think so. you can get meat, fish or veg croquettas. I think i'll go for, oooooo, some mushroom croquettas becuase I got enough meat and seafood either side of me. So i'll just but the croquettas in a little arch infront.
James Acaster How do you, Rosie Jones, handle going to a tapas restaurant with other people?
Rosie Jones Great question. You need to go with the right person. So you need to go with someone that you're on the same level with. You need to know that if there are three of you and six croquettas are placed on the table, you should know in your heart of hearts that you are getting three of them. Shit kicks off if i've had one and another person goes in for a third. Then I get nasty.
Ed Gamble what sort of shit kicks off?
Rosie Jones I start being a little passive agressive.
James Acaster I honestly can't even imagine that.
Ed Gamble Any level of passive from Rosie Jones is an unimaginable situation.
Rosie Jones I'll go, oh thats funny, i've only had one of those. But if you think thats yours then go ahead. And usually they do back off and shit themselves. Then if they go, oh, I haven't been counting. I go, well I have and thats mine.
Ed Gamble My girlfriend is the perfect person for me to go to tapas with because she loves food. She loves all the stuff we order. We always overorder, but then she fills up quite quickly so she'll have a taste of everything. And then I go in, then I really start eating. I'm ground sweeping then I'm just annihilating everything that's left.
Rosie Jones

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
The bad thing is I never get full. So the best words I can hear is someone going, I'm done, It's all yours. Because then theres no holding me back.
James Acaster yeah, their catchphrase is I'm done. And your catchphrase is all gone.
Ed Gamble Basically, we're all divided into one of two categories. It's all gone or I'm done and you need to pair up. If you're an all gone you need to pair up with an I'm done to go to tapas with.
Rosie Jones Yeah, I mean, if theres an I'm done out there who's a little gay lady, looking for a disabled human hoover who almost always has ribs in their eyebrows. Come get me.
Ed Gamble Yeah, what a great dating advert. Disabled All Gone, seeks little gay lady I'm Done
Rosie Jones I might get a T-shirt.
James Acaster Oh, and that's we get to the end of that main course I just bought over for you. Lovely packet of salt and vinegar discos.
Rosie Jones Oh my god. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's really good. I mean, we talk about snacks a lot, but I don't think I emphasised how much I like salt and vinegar. So you absolutley nailed it.
James Acaster So when I was a kid, salt and vinegar was my favourite and cheese and onion was my least favourite. I like cheese and onion now but I definitely thought it was either or.
Rosie Jones Me too.
Ed Gamble I'm the other way around. Guys it's because you two are both all gones. Your first word was all gone. You love salt and vinegar. Hate cheese and onion. I was all about the cheese and onion baby. Anyway to get more cheese into my system when I was a little boy.
Rosie Jones Stinky dirty bugger.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Rosie, how did you feel about this? This is my first real big like, you know, it's very confusing for me as a kid. When Walker's swapped the colours of salt and vinegar, and cheese and onion. They swapped the green and the blue.
Rosie Jones I mean they shouldn't have done that. Should they?
James Acaster To me, always salt and vinegar is blue. And cheese and onion is green.
Ed Gamble It makes sense, doesn't it? Becuase onion should be green, right? In my head.
Rosie Jones Yeah, and salt from the sea is blue.
James Acaster Oh, I hate to just keep talking about crips but I have really got drawn into Rosie's crisp chat I'm afraid Ed, it's just nice to hear someone shout out the crisps.
Ed Gamble I tried I tried I tried to chip in I tried to chip in with my opinions and Torres black truffle Chris but I was roundly shouted down. T hey do an Imbericco ham flavour as well.
Rosie Jones No, you can't come in with some bullshit crisp that no ones ever heard of.
Ed Gamble Are you kidding me that's so popular, at my local shop when they get new shipments in they don't advertise it because they know they're gonna get a rush on. I went down there the other day there were none left on the shelf I had to go round to another aisle and I found the boxes and I opened the box and got three bags out and bought them.
Rosie Jones Oh my god, you need to get your priorities right.
James Acaster Says the lady sitting in the middle of the rotating table for the crisps. Benito, save the screenshot
Ed Gamble ah so this is the question why did you switch the colours of salt and vinegar and cheese and only flavour walkers crisps? We often ask this our salt vinegar and cheese and onion flavour crisp packs have always been the colours they are today. Contrary to popular belief we've never swapped the

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 22 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
colours. The colours are not even temporarily we've no plans to change these designs so you guys invented something happening.
James Acaster bullshit.
Rosie Jones Yeah, they are bullshitting.
James Acaster Yeah, they all bullshitting. It was a massive thing.
Ed Gamble I love that Acaster has finally turned into a conspiracy theorist and of course it's crisp based.
James Acaster yeah of course this is what's got me.
James Acaster Let's go on to your side dish to accompany all the tapas you've just had.
Ed Gamble Here we go, crisps.
James Acaster I mean, I'd respect it.
Rosie Jones This was hard because technically, all my dishes are side dishes. So I decided to go different with something you don't get in a tapas resturant, really. I'm having a scotch egg.
Ed Gamble It's the only thing left behind the bar at the pub you went to for your starter.
Rosie Jones No, no, no, no. This is a posh scotch egg.
Ed Gamble Got ya.
Rosie Jones We're talking, runny yolk, big sausage filling, maybe two types of meet in that sausage, and the nicesest, cripiest, crumbliest outside.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 23 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Ed Gamble Which is called breading, Rosie. I don't know if you know that. It's called breading. And you've already said you don't like bread, so unfortunately we're not gonna be able to give you that. We're giving you a scotch egg with crushed up poppadoms around the outside.
Rosie Jones You know what tho, that souns great. Anything to make it crispier. You did that to spite me.
Ed Gamble Yes I did.
Rosie Jones So actually, yes please Edward. That sounds lovely.
James Acaster This is the menu, the only menu that we've ever had where I don't want to like it, but I like it a lot. And a hot scotch egg with a runny yolk in it. Yeah, we've two types of meat in the, I mean, this is great. I would personally choose you know, pork and probably black pudding. I would like as my two types of meat. What would you have?
Ed Gamble Yeah.
Rosie Jones Thats what i'd have. The black pudding and the pork. Oh. You're both thinking about it. Yeah, Pork, black pudding, runny yolk, poppadoms on the outside.
Ed Gamble I love posh scotch eggs, like proper big, posh scotch eggs with runny middles. So good. When I was first properly getting into food. Like I was just discovering restaurants and all excited about it. I went to meet my friend at a restaurant called the Harward Arms. It's like a gastropub and he was half an hour late and I was really angry about it. And then the man the waiter came over and went. While you're waiting we do scotch eggs, we're quite famous for scotch eggs. Would you like a scotch egg with a drink? And I had a big scotch egg and a pint of lager, and the evening went down hill when my friend arrived. I've never been happier than I was with that scotch egg and a pint of lager.
James Acaster Now Rosie, I can tell you what crips, I've got you. Or have actually got them right here. So what I could do, little game. I could turn my camera off. And I could crunch the crisp and you can guess from the sound what crisp is.
Rosie Jones Ahahahaha

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 24 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Ed Gamble Never been happier. Never seen her happier than this.
Rosie Jones I love games, so actually if you can play games with me throughout the meal, that would be lovely.
James Acaster Here we go. Putting my camera off. You can't see me. That's the sound of the bag, here we go. A single crisp *crunching sounds*. Ooo very nice.
Ed Gamble I think this is what people imagine Off Menu is, if they've not heard it.
James Acaster I'll be very impressed if you get this Rosie, I put my camera back on now.
Rosie Jones I think it was a big crunch, But not just that. I think it was a thick crunch. So I'm gonna say, monster munch.
James Acaster Interesting. Ed?
Ed Gamble I was honestly gonna say Monster Munch as well. I think that's what it sounded like to me. But then also I thought why didn't, Why hasn't Rosie said monstermunch yet? Why is that not on a revolving table? So I'm also going to go with monstermunch.
James Acaster Okay, if you're listening at home, now's your time to pause the podcast make a guess yourself. The answer is pop chips.
Rosie Jones Ohhhhhhhhh.
Ed Gamble Pops chips. You know I should have I should have known that was pop chips Rosie because I was also sent some pop chips.
Rosie Jones Buty actually, you've reminded us of monster munch. So i'll keep the pop chips, but can you also go an get me some pickled onion monster munch.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 25 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
It is the best flavour of monstermunch. Still to this day.
Rosie Jones Yeah. I do like the hot one. But beef, no.
James Acaster No, beef stinks. When Ed was a little boy. The only monstermunch he could ask for was the hot one, wasn't it?
Ed Gamble Yeah. Hot, hot, hot. I actually, can I just say, I don't think I'm giving myself enough credit when I was a small boy. Hot was my first word. Yeah. But I was actually, I was very developed in my language skills. But I took a long time to get control of my bladder and butt. So my mum always says, to sum me up as a child, I could stand at the bottom of the garden and say Mother I appear to have done a poo in my pants.
James Acaster We come to Rosie Jones's dream drink.
Rosie Jones So I think right now I've been there for about seven hours. So i'm flagging a little bit because i'm tired of moving the table around. Shall I? So i'm going to have a little pep up. I'm having an espresso martini.
Ed Gamble Yes. If anyone needs an espresso Martini less. It's you Rosie. Honestly, if I walk into - I mean, this is a long time ago now - given where we are in the world. But if I walk into a bar and I see Rosie Jones there, it's the most energetic person I could possibly expect to see. Just like the atmosphere changes. Rosies screaming, she's coming over. She's shouting in your face. She's excited to see you. You are an espresso. You are a replacement for an espresso Martini for me. The idea of you having an espresso Martini, surely everyone else in the bar ends up dead.
Rosie Jones Well actually, I just enjoy it. Energy wise it doesnt change anything cos I can't get higher.
Rosie Jones I've honestly been on a night out and had about 10 espresso martinis. Gone home, slept like a baby.
James Acaster How?
Rosie Jones I don't know Jim-bob
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 26 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
I'm sort of the same with coffee really? I could probably buy, I could probably only do like three espresso martinism just because they were too swee really. Yeah, it doesn't really affect my energy levels or or or sleep or anything. Does it you James?
James Acaster Affects me. For years Rosie, I didn't have caffeine in my diet at all, and I cut it out of my diet. And then I started like drinking diet cokes and stuff like that again, which tasted like real coke when I started drinking it again. And it was very weird, actually. But every now and again, I do have a coffee or something like that if I feel like I need one. And I really do struggle to get to sleep. Later on in the day. Yeah, it really rarely affects me. And once, the last like meal out I had was just before, so early 2020 and me and some friends went to Copenhagen to go to Noma. It was a very, very special meal. And at the end, they gave us some like cold brew coffee kombucha that had a bit of booze in it. And it was so good. And I just kept on drinking them because it was like one of the nicest drinks I've ever had. And I did not sleep a wink. I was alarmed at how much it affected me. I felt like I'd never sleep again.
Ed Gamble And you haven't.
James Acaster And actually also, this year, all during lockdown and stuff like that. Anytime I've had a little bit too much cherry Pepsi Max, or anything like that. I can't sleep at night.
Ed Gamble Everyone elses lockdown has been like, oh I think I'm eating too much or think I'm drinking too much booze at home. There's sort of no way of distinguishing between the weekdays and the weekends. James is like, I'm having too much Pepsi Max. I can't sleep any more, i'm having too much pepsi max. My mum's not here telling me to put the bottle down.
James Acaster I don't speak like that, do I Rosie?
Rosie Jones Yeah.
James Acaster So I've never ever had an espresso Martini.
Ed Gamble Oh mate. Don't cos that is a road you can't go down because they are absolutely delicious. That truly delicious. Yeah.
James Acaster We arrive at your dessert. You've kind of put my mind at ease already by saying you know, you're not gonna have the cheese and biscuits. You had some cheese earlier you Manchego

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 27 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones

James Acaster You had the cheese earlier, so I'm happy because you've had cheese and James is happy because it's not going to be in the dessert.
James Acaster Yeah. Oh, we should have given you another packet of crisps before your dessert.
Ed Gamble I've got a suggestion James. Or have you got one in the chamber?
James Acaster No, I haven't really I was struggling.
Ed Gamble Okay, he'res. Here's one that's not been mentioned. I think it fulfils what you like with strong flavours Rosie but I don't know if you'd like this particular flavour. Nice and spicy NikNaks?
Rosie Jones Yeah, yeah. I mentioned rib NikNaks earlier. I think they're my favourite but Nice n' Spicy. Yes please. Scampi, No.
Ed Gamble That was the most aggressive flavour though. It was like lemon and scampi wasn't it? It was really full on.
Rosie Jones I mean, I love a Nik Nak but them flavours are bat shit.
James Acaster I had lemon scampi NikNaks at a kids birthday party when I was also a kid, and I ate so much of them, because I thought they were so delicious, and then a puked. And it was so bad, the most worst puke ever. So much regret. You've had your hot n' spicy NikNaks. Now we come to the dessert
Rosie Jones I'm really worried. Because am I moving away from my table? Absolutly not. I just want sweets.
James Acaster Sweets.
Ed Gamble Just some sweets.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 28 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Some sweets, please.
Rosie Jones A bunch on Moams, some jelly babies, some jelly beans, some dolly mixture, some strwberry laces, some rainbow pencils. I want a few chocolate things in there. So I want buttons, and Revels, and milk buttons, and keep the pretzles and i'll add some chocolate pretzles. I wan't white mice and I want them all in individual bowls and I want to dip in and out.
Ed Gamble Stop doing that gesture like it's not the 50th time you've done it in the last hour, Rosie. We know. We know you want lots of bowls and that you want to dip in and out. This is essentially you pretending to be an octopus for 12 hours while you're in a restaurant.
James Acaster Well, those are all very good, sweets.
Ed Gamble They're not, they're not. The white mice are an absolute abomination. They ruin this whole meal for me if you're having those white mice.
James Acaster No, here's the thing, Rosie, I was about to bring up the exact same thing. So, you know, we were both there thinking when you started saying, I'll have some - and I bet Ed went through this as well - you went, I'll have some chocolate and we both thought in our heads, because you are going like quite picking mixy up until that point, it immediately made me think of chocolate mice and I thought, well she won't choose that. And then it'll be a subject that we'll bring up afterwards. We'll say, and Rosie How do you feel about chocolate mice? And she'll say she hates them because everyone does and then we can talk about that so I think we're both very surprised.
Rosie Jones I do recognise that it is shit chocolate. I do get that, but thats why I like it. It's your childhood in a little mouse.
James Acaster It's your childhood in a little mouse.
Ed Gamble Yeah, you realise how ridiculous that was halfway through saying the word mouse there. You go, I've got to finish it. Here we go, it's your childhood in a little mouse.
Ed Gamble See I'm not a sweet, I'm a big chocolate guy. I'm not a sweets guy. Mainly because as a type one diabetic what you've basically done there is picked an entire circular table full of what I might need in an emergency. You can save my life with this meal Rosie, but I don't want to sit down and enjoy it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 29 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
James Acaster I'm the same now, because I think when I was a kid I really over did sweets. I wasn't that into chocolate but I'll go to the, there was a corner shop and also tuck shop after cubs. And at both of those I went absolutely mad, just buying so much sweets. Like with my pocket money for my parents I remember when it went up to two pounds. And my first question was, Am I allowed to spend all of this on sweets? And they said yes. This is the best, this is like 200 sweets from the shop. And also as soon as I learned the guy couldn't be bothered to count them all. I was like, well obviously this is now the best day of my life. 500 sweets in the corner shop.
Rosie Jones It's so great.
James Acaster What was your shop growing up, that you get all your sweets from.
Rosie Jones I didn't have a corner shop near me. I remember every Saturday, we did the big shop at Safeway and I do not know why, but me and my Brother would play a game with juice lemon. You know the lemon juice that look like a lemon?
Ed Gamble Yeah.
Rosie Jones We had to put it into the shopping trolly, without my dad seeing. And then the game would be to get it out without Dad noticing. We would never steal it, but it would be a case of, when he was paying, you needed to strategically hide it on the conveyer belt. And then when that person beeped it through, you needed to quickly put it in the bad without him knowing. And every saturday without fail, he would be unpacking, then pick the lemon up and go, I don't remember.
Ed Gamble Just adding it to a pile of lemons.
Rosie Jones We must have done it for about two years. And he never ever questioned us.
James Acaster I'm gonna read your order back to you now Rosie, and we'll see how you feel about it.
Ed Gamble Benito has just sent through the menu to our whatsapp group so James can read it out and let me tell you it's gonna take five full minutes, James.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 30 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
James Acaster Yeah. Water, tap. Poppadoms or Bread, poppadoms with mango chutney, rita and the red one. Starter, three hours of crisps; twiglets Pringles, bacon rashers, onion rings, salt and vinegar sticks, peanuts, cashew nuts, cheese straws, hula hoops, doritos (every flavour), NikNaks, only barbecue rib flavour, crimpy mini cheddars, pretzels, Wotsits quavers,brackets cheese, Space Raiders. All in separate bowls plus surprise snacks every 20 minutes.
Ed Gamble Thats the starter.
James Acaster Yeah. Main course, tapas, every dish; patatas bravas, little bit of bread with tomato, lots of seafood, octopus, sardines, meatballs, chorizo. All the hams, all the cheeses, mushroom croquettas. Afterwards, surprise salt and vinegar discos. Side dish, pork and black pudding scotch egg, hot with poppadom breadding. And surprise pop chips and pickled onion monstermunch. Drink, espresso Martini, plus a surprise; nice and spicy NikNaks. Dessert, some sweets. Moams, jelly babies, jelly beans, Dolly mixtures, strawberry laces, Rainbow pencils, chocolate buttons, revels, chocolate pretzels, white chocolate mice, childhood in a little mouse. Separate bowls for all of them yet again. How do you feel about that when I read that back to you?
Rosie Jones I could not be happier.
Ed Gamble I'm glad someone is.
Rosie Jones I've nailed it. Theres no need to do another episode.
Ed Gamble Thank you very much Rosie. Thank you Rosie.
Rosie Jones Oh, thank you and I am so happy.
Ed Gamble Well, quite the menu there from Rosie. And when I say menu, I do of course mean the entire contents of a small shop.
James Acaster Yes, fair enough. Dream meal, have a rotating table and have everything on it. Please.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 31 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
I tried to challenge her on it. I tried to be mean to her about it. But she was genuine about that menu. Her eyes genuinely looked quite upset when I when I said that it was rubbish and I don't like sweet. She was like, but this is my dream menu. This is my dream.
James Acaster Yes. And she was so respectful to you about your choice of crisps, so the least you could do was to return the respect.
Ed Gamble Exactly. That's true. She's a very respectful lady who did not say rosewater.
James Acaster Phew. And we decided against kicking her out just for saying any sort of water at the start.
Ed Gamble Yeah, no, that seemed wrong. That seemed wrong but I kind of wish we had kicked her out to be honest. Of course. If it turns out they do make a rose Moam she is out on her rear.
Ed Gamble Yeah, so you know, TBC.
Ed Gamble Oh, by the way, the secret ingredient this week, the rosewater was suggested on Twitter by Cam Dearnes so thank you. Thank you for that Cam. If you want to suggest a secret ingredient, something that you don't like that you think should be a secret ingredient in the restaurant.Tweet us @offmenuofficial.
James Acaster Tes please cuz we cannot think of any more.
Ed Gamble Yes, we've run out of ideas. Initially we put the put the question out, can you tell us some secret ingredients and I'd say 80% of the tweets we got - and there are a lot of them -were all things we'd done previously.
James Acaster There you go. Hopefully sweet chilli sauce came up a lot, the most controversial one we've ever done, but I stand by it.
Ed Gamble No I stand by it as well. Absolutely horrible, horrible, horrible stuff. Oh, I'll have a big pile of glue please. No thank you.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 32 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
It just tastes like the worst type of sugar and put that on your food.
Ed Gamble And that's James Acaster saying that, can you imagine something sweet he doesn't like. It must be horrible.
James Acaster Exactly, that's like Winnie the Pooh turning down some honey.
Ed Gamble Rosie has lots of stuff going on. Like I say she's written a children's book. She's also done a TV show, which I think you've been on, haven't you James?
James Acaster Mission Accessible, where Rosie Jones travels the UK to find the most accessible places, tourist attractions, events, everything that you could do. She had me on one of the episodes, and she left me in a cave.
Ed Gamble Yes, she treats us like absolute shit, doesn't she?
James Acaster She treated me so badly. I just can't believe we got on this podcast, actually
Ed Gamble We're such good friends to her and then she comes on this podcast, and she left you in a cave. And she's mean about my crisps. earlier. Equal equal sadness.
James Acaster Yeah, sure. I'll go for that equal sadness.
Ed Gamble So go and check that out. Check out Daddy, look at me the podcast she does with a very funny Helen Bauer.
James Acaster Before we go, I'd like to say thank you to Native At Home, who sent me a lovely cook at home food box. That I'm going to eat tonight. So I'm very much looking forward to our cook at home meal. And also a little promo. If you go to my website, jamesacaster.com. You'll now be able to find my latest show. Well, latest show. I filmed it in 2019. But we've been able to release it finally it's on jamesacaster.com. Cold lasagne hate myself 1999. You can go and buy the show there. And also there's a little bonus show called make a new tomorrow that goes along with it. I think it's a tenner for all of it. Which is like two hours and 45 minutes of comedy.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 33 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 95: Rosie Jones
Ed Gamble Not worth it. Not worth it at all. Seen it.
James Acaster Not worth it. Oh, hold on a second. I just went along with what Ed was. Worth it.
Ed Gamble Do get it. It's very good. Shout out to Dinings SW3 who sent me an amazing duck udon kit, which is very exciting. It was the susuru by Masaki duck udon noodles, which I think they're releasing as a sort of limited edition thing. And I can't wait to have it.
James Acaster Also Ed, we have been sent quite a few cook at home boxes lately. And I really loved the bagel box from the good egg. Delicious.
Ed Gamble Man, that was so good. I absolutely love that. Check out the Good Egg for all your bagel and babka needs, which should be high. My babka needs are now high.
James Acaster I've got a big load of babka. I'm looking at it right now. It's on the sofa.
Ed Gamble It's on the sofa?
James Acaster Yeah, just sitting on the sofa on it's box, big box a babka. Also, thank you to Black Bear burgers for sending me some lovely burgers. Delicious.
Ed Gamble Thank you very much for listening to me, Ed Gamble and little whinny over there. We will see you again sometime soon. Goodbye.
James Acaster Goodbye.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 34 -

