Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Off Menu ­ Ep96 ­ Thanyia Moore

Ed Gamble Welcome to the Off Menu podcast where we take the finest chat meat and smoke it with the wood of fun over an hour and then create the most wonderful tender podcast available. Hello James.
James Acaster Hello Ed. I heard a little bit of - your confidence wavered half way through that.
Ed Gamble Yes.
James Acaster But you brought it home.
Ed Gamble Yeah, it was. It was towards the end I hadn't worked out what it was making, and then I realised podcast, isn't it? And then and then I said wonderful tender podcast, which doesn't I mean, none of it made sense, but sort of tender podcast was really, really the bottom of the barrel there.
James Acaster Not many people describe this podcast is tender, but I wish they would.
Ed Gamble Yes, exactly. Sorry. And hello.
James Acaster It's a podcast where we're in the dream restaurant, we invite in a guest and we ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert and side dish and drink. And this weeks guest is.
Ed Gamble That was really good James. I'm sorry to interrupt your flow, but you did it all in the right order and you did it quickly. And it was great. Well done.
James Acaster I think I did it in the wrong order. But I did do it quickly.
Ed Gamble It was really good. Well, anyway, it was so slick. I didn't notice it was in the wrong order.
James Acaster Thank you Ed. I was trying to do it as tenderly as possible.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

Ed Gamble Ooh, I like it. Our special guest this week is Thanyia Moore. Thanyia Moore, a wonderful comedian. She's been on loads of stuff. She's very funny.
James Acaster She's been on Mock The Week. She's been on Dane Baptist's Bamous. She's been a Mo Gilligan's Black, British and Funny. You got to go and watch all of her stuff. She's fantastic. We've now got an the dream restaurant. We can't wait to hear what she's going to choose.
Ed Gamble I'm very excited to have her in the dream restaurant. Although, as always there is a secret ingredient. If she says it, she's gone. She's out of here. We don't care how funny she is. She's gone.
James Acaster Sorry.
Ed Gamble And the secret ingredient this week is Dark Fruits cider. This was suggested by a listener. I'm not really a Dark Fruits cider, slash cider guy at all really.
James Acaster No, you know, I don't drink much cider. Generally speaking, but when the Dark Fruits cider comes out, or any of the fruit ciders came out, I was like, I bet this would be like my street. I've got a sweet tooth. Disgusting.
Ed Gamble Really? Because I would say any cider, they do like weird like salted caramel ciders and stuff. And I would have thought, that's, that so up you're street.
James Acaster Too sickly man. I got a sweet tooth, not a sickly tooth.
Ed Gamble That was just by Joe Bleasdale on Twitter. Thank you very much, Joe. Wonderful suggestion.
James Acaster Bleasdale. Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble If you would like to suggest a secret ingredient...
James Acaster Ed, try and say that, it's really fun to say Bleasdale like that.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

Ed Gamble If you make a suggestion on Twitter, you too can have your name, shouted in a sort of football chant by James. Bleasdale.
James Acaster Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble It's a lot of fun.
James Acaster It does feel nice to say it like that. I bet Bleasdale has done that himself.
Ed Gamble Bleasdale is over the moon with that.
James Acaster He said that in the past. I bet he's like oh, yeah, they're doing what I do when I say my name, Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble What you think in like a sort of scenario where everyone's like, Who's here? who's in the room? Bleasdale. He does it to himself?
James Acaster And then like Yeah, yes. or other people shouting that to him across the street, Bleasdale. It feels good to say.
Ed Gamble It does feel good. Well, thank you Bleasdale. Like I say, if you've got your own secret ingredient @offmenuofficial on Twitter is the place to go. But now, let's hear the Off Menu menu of Thanyia Moore.
Ed Gamble Tanya, welcome to the dream restaurants.
Thanyia Moore Thank you. Thanks for having me,.
James Acaster Welcome to the dream resturant. We've been expecting you for some time.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
There's the genie, welcoming you. What a wonderful welcome now Genie. I've got to say.
James Acaster Quite a good sound. One of my better sound effects this week.
Ed Gamble I was Yeah, I was just thinking because Thanyia, I mean, you should feel privileged really, because quite often it's a bit of a damp squib. A bit of a light squirt from the from the from the lamp there.
James Acaster What!
Ed Gamble Are you offended by that, James?
James Acaster Well you've never said that before.
Ed Gamble Well, because I don't want to do you down at the beginning of the episode.
James Acaster You've never said it on and episode or off an episode to me. That's never been.
Ed Gamble But you've nailed it now.
James Acaster I did think it was good. I thought that was quite a good.
Ed Gamble Exactly. So let's focus on that.
James Acaster Yeah, for the actual sound was good.
Ed Gamble Yeah, sorry Thanyia. I didn't mean this to be an argument straightaway. I was trying to compliment. This is what happens when you try and compliment James.
James Acaster He was negging me, wasn't he? Tania, you'll back me up on this. He was negging me there.
Thanyia Moore

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
I just arrived, how we doing? What did I miss?.
James Acaster Oh you missed the negging. He came up to me. And he was like, Oh, well done. Usually you're rubbish.
Ed Gamble Oh no, I didn't say that.
James Acaster Yeah, yeah.
Ed Gamble Sorry Thanyia. Welcome to the dream restaurant. This is your dream meal. You don't need to be hearing hearing us bickering. Are you a foodie? Do you enjoy food? massive
Thanyia Moore Massive foodie, I love food. My mum is a chef, my best my best friend's a chef. And we eat lots of different foods, all kinds of foods.
Ed Gamble Your mum's a chef?
Thanyia Moore Yeah.
Ed Gamble We have not we had no idea, that's not what we booked you for this but this is great. I love it. Tell me more about your mum as a chef and what what she cooks, what's her best dishes. Tell me everything.
Thanyia Moore Well she cooks everything. So growing up, we used to celebrate all of the national dishes. So like Chinese New Year and all the kinds, so we woulds eat all the different types of foods and just travel in the kitchen really, and I, even after all the that, my favourite meal my mum makes is a cottage pie, it's just really bloody good.
James Acaster Whats her secret? What makes it edge all the other cottage pies?
Thanyia Moore It's just it's the right amount of everything, the right amount of potato, to the mince ratio. There's a little bit of cheese in the potato and then it's on top as well with the right amount of crust. The potatoes still soft and fluffy. And then the mints is rich and the gravy is rich and then you got the veg. It's just righ, it's right.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble Now straight away, I know it's gonna be a good food episode. Because that was a great description of cottage pie there, by Thanyia. Now I don't know, i'm not normally a cottage pie guy. I find it a bit bland, like there's a place for it sometimes but the way she just described cottage pie, I was like, I think I might like cottage pie.
James Acaster In cookery class in school. I made a cottage pie really early, well. Early doors one of our lessons - and my mom was absolutely appalled by this - one of the first lessons in our cookery class was ready meals, they just made us go out and buy a ready meal bring it in and microwave it, and that was a lesson one in my cookery class. So like yeah, lesson one, and I went out and I bought a cottage pie. I microwaved it and ate it and was really really salty.
Ed Gamble That's miserable. The curriculum the first lesson in a cookery class is, just don't do any cooking then. Call for takeaways the next lesson.
Thanyia Moore Is that school? Did you go to an actual building or someones house?
James Acaster My mum was appaled. I came back and really proudly told her I made a cottage pie in school. She was like, right, tell me how you made it. You open the microwave, your peirce the film lid, that's very important. Yes, she was not happy.
Ed Gamble We don't have a microwave, we've moved like about 18 months ago and there's no microwave here and there's no room for microwave so, it's weird. I don't miss it and I certainly don't miss piercing the film lid.
Thanyia Moore I think that's a good thing tho, not having a microwave because it means everything you eat will be fresh, right?
Ed Gamble Well you would have thought so, I still managed to eat some absolutely miserable shit.
Thanyia Moore Like what?
James Acaster Life finds a way Thanyia, Life finds a way with this guy. Why don't you miss peircing the film lid? Bap, bap, bap. I love it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble I don't know, it just feels like just so bleak and depressing.
James Acaster Do you like peircing the film lid?
Thanyia Moore Sometimes I do.
Ed Gamble Take us through, when do you like peircing the film lid?
Thanyia Moore You have to get a, you can't get a budget, you have to go for the premium range. And I like getting like an Indian from there sometime. I think it tastes All right. Once you season it.
Ed Gamble Yeah. So you're are you adding stuff to the microwave meal. What you put, so you're getting you're getting microwave curry, you're peircing the film lid.
Thanyia Moore You open it, you open it you don't pierce it at this point is savagery. You just take it off you season it you put a bit of, you've got to mix it in though. Season it a little bit and then you put it in, take it out halfway, taste it, make sure you put enough season in. If not, that's your opportunity. Put it back in, let it finish.
Ed Gamble I mean at this point Thanyia, why don't you just cook a curry?
James Acaster If that if that was my cookery class lesson my mum would have been happy. This was my cookery lesson mum. I peeled back the film lid, I seasoned it, I mixed it up, I put it in.
Ed Gamble I added some extra potatoes, some extra meat.
Thanyia Moore I hate you for that.
Ed Gamble What seasoning are you putting in a microwave curry?
Thanyia Moore

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
It depends on what curry you get. But it's normally just a bit of salt. Sometimes theres a salt that you get - see I only know this because my flatmates a chef. So the salt that you get that goes with everything but it's not just salt. It's got different seasoning in it. And it's, I wish I knew what was in it. I just know you can put it on literally anything. She puts it on pizza.
Ed Gamble Like James says, ready males tend to be quite salty anyway. The idea of you being like, let's add a shitload more salt to this microwave curry. You must just feel so dry all of the time. Just chugging pints of water. Why I'm so thirsty?
James Acaster I've really got into garlic pepper.
Ed Gamble Good stuff.
James Acaster What a game changer. Sometimes I don't want to chop up garlic and the recipe says I've got to pepper it.
Ed Gamble I'm completely with you. Love garlic granules, always have a pot of garlic granules. I go through that stuff. If I'm just, If I want a boring lunch, just whack a bit of chicken breast in the oven, garlic granules, chilli powder, cake it ins stuff and whack it in. But garlic granules are the way forward.
James Acaster Absolutely.
Thanyia Moore The best way to use garlic granules is if you put like a little bit of butter in the pan a little bit of garlic granules. So you got this great garlic butter that you can fry like everything in. Salmon, chicken breast.
Ed Gamble Add that to a microwave curry.
Thanyia Moore I hate you.
James Acaster This is the quickest that any guest has hated Ed.
Ed Gamble Yes, normally. Normally it takes at least half an hour, but I've really not let the microwave curry thing go. So fair enough.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

James Acaster Normally, normally the episodes starts with me doing the sound effect and the guest thinks, right he's the knobhead in this duo, I really got to keep an eye on him, and then halfway through the episode they realise Ed's actually the worst.
Ed Gamble Yeah, Ed's it's the worst one.
James Acaster You very quickly identified that Ed's the worst.
Thanyia Moore I don't know if he is the worst. I hate him right now. I'm definitely going with you're the knobhead.
James Acaster Still can't take that from me Gamble.
Ed Gamble Oh, man. Now I want to be the knobhead.
James Acaster When you peirce the film lid, would you prefer to use a knife or a fork?
Thanyia Moore Has to be a fork?
Ed Gamble Yeah, cuz you're trying to make little holes in it right? With a knife, what you're doing is you're just punching a big hole in it.
Thanyia Moore But also with a fork. You get in like four in one in one step. A knife you're just hitting it once.
James Acaster I agree with you. But I've met I've met knife people before.
Ed Gamble No, come on.
Thanyia Moore Gosh,
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
I've met people who knife the film lid, I've met these people. I've seen them do it.
Thanyia Moore Savage of it. I bet they're the ones that stand on the left on the tube.
James Acaster Yeah, probably are actually.,
James Acaster Well actually, I'll tell you who I'm talking about specifically. And we don't do many ready meals in this flat. But the other day, my girlfriend put a ready meal in the microwave. And it dinged so I got it out for her, and I was like, Man, this was a close call. You're lucky that I got to it when I did, cuz you've not pireced the film lid. She was like, yeah I have, have a closer look. And I looked, and there was tiny little slits in it because she used a knife.
Ed Gamble Oh, man.
James Acaster Couldn't believe my eyes, and I didn't want to start an argument. These are lockdown times. You know what, uh, you know
Thanyia Moore how long you've been together?
James Acaster Two years.
James Acaster Ugh, It's too late now. It's too late to back out.
Thanyia Moore And you didn't know that?!
James Acaster Like I say, ready meals are very rare around here. But I couldn't believe my eyes. I was like, you knifed the film lid.
Ed Gamble Yeah. Well, the thing is now it's too late to back out the relationship based on that. Yes. First six months. If you find that out. I think you can go look, you're a knifer, I'm a forker.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Yes. Yes. I guess I could steadily get rid of all the knives from the house. So she hasn't got a choice next time. But what if she spoons it?
Ed Gamble Oh, she'll spoon it and then you get rid of the spoons and she'll start using a finger. Yeah, the way these people are like,
James Acaster Thanyia, you wake up one day, all you've got is ready meals. You can't leave the house. You've got to eat ready meals. You look in the cutlery draw, there's no knives, no forks.
Ed Gamble Let's take the spoons away as well.
James Acaster So of all the other types of cutlery, all the other things. What are you gonna use to pierce the film lid?
Thanyia Moore You know, the thing that you stab the meat with and it's got two forks that, right?
Ed Gamble Great, yeah.
Thanyia Moore That thing
Ed Gamble I don't know what that's called either.
Thanyia Moore No. It stabs the meat but it's got two bits at the end that you just, uh uh, uh. Yeah, yeah. Two stabs at once. And you still got little holes. And it's not knife.
James Acaster Not a knife. Not a fork. It's mainly just to steady stuff. It's to pin down the meat. Ed?
Ed Gamble Key, I'd use a key.
James Acaster Well thats not cutlery, is it? Ed's cheating there.
Thanyia Moore Unhygenic as well.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

Ed Gamble Where do you think I'm putting my keys? My locks aren't dirty. Thank you.
Thanyia Moore Your keys drop on the floor babe.
Ed Gamble Mine don't, I keep good hold in my key, thank you Thanyia.
James Acaster Rattling around in your pocket.
Ed Gamble I keep them on a little, I don't have them in my pocket. I keep them on a carabiner on my belt loop. Yeah.
James Acaster A carabiner? Where's your house? At the top of a mountain.
Ed Gamble I put them, I clip them on my belt loop. Because when I was in Japan, all the cool dads did that. So I wanted to copy the cool dads. They all wear great jeans and their keys on carabiners, like a janitor.
Thanyia Moore You're a cool dad.
Ed Gamble Well I'm not, I'm not a dad. I'm cool.
Thanyia Moore No, You're a cool Dad.
Ed Gamble Oh, right.
James Acaster We always start the podcast was still or sparkling water. That looks like some still water unless my eyes decieve me.
Thanyia Moore I start water for a meal, definitely, always. Cleanse the palate. So they say.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
and it's always still?It's always still Oh,
Thanyia Moore It's always still, or I tend to go with a warm lemon water.
James Acaster Oh, hello.
Ed Gamble You seem quite straightforward about this. You're like it's warm lemon water. That must be a reason for this. You went really serious there Thanyia, I don't know if you realise, you went really serious there. You've been very light hearted so far. And you said warm lemon water. And you looked at us like, fucking bring it on if you want to make fun of my warm lemon water.
James Acaster And we could. We could make that ,easy. Heres what i'm gonna say, this is my way of making fun of it. Oh, how did you discover you like that? That did they bring it out in a bowl after you had some ribs and you drank it all down? Because normally that's the, they normally, they bring it out to clean your fingers, right? Warm lemon water.
Thanyia Moore With my mum being a chef. I would know that, Knobhead.
James Acaster Well, you know, when I said it you, either laughed or got angry and I thought well, I really hammer this home. If I'm gonna get a reaction.
Thanyia Moore So all lemon water to just like cleanse your mouth a bit. Get ready to taste some good, some good flavours.
Ed Gamble So it's just like it's just a cleansing thing, it's to create a blank canvas for a flavour painting. I love this.
Thanyia Moore Just ready to go.
James Acaster How much lemon you're putting in there?
Thanyia Moore Half.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Now half a lemon or half a glass?
Thanyia Moore Half a lemon into the cup, you mug.
Ed Gamble Into a cup you mug. Not into a mug you cup.
Thanyia Moore Yeah, down that and then get ready for you starter, there's always a starter
James Acaster Ed's gonna be happy immediately there.
Ed Gamble That's what I like to hear. I'm a starter boy. I absolutely love it. There is always a starter when I go out, when I go out to eat as well. Sometimes many starters and not even a discernible main. I'll just keep ordering starters. Thats the way to go. It makes sense.
James Acaster A bit too much nodding going on there for my liking. I'm not keen on this starter talk. Here's the thing. I want to talk more about the warm lemon water and I know you think why would they possibly want to talk about that still, but we've never had somebody say warm lemon water before.
Ed Gamble Yeah, normally it's just still a sparkling and we've never had warm water, I don't think.
James Acaster No
Ed Gamble And certainly not warm lemon water.
James Acaster What temperature are you talking here?
Thanyia Moore Okay, so I'm really particular with it because I go, two thirds for hot and then the last third cold.
Ed Gamble So to get the warm water you go two thirds boiling hot and then 1/3 cold water.
Thanyia Moore Yeah, really cold. Sometimes put into cubes of ice.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
James Acaster Hold on a second. I can't tell if thats a joke or not.
Thanyia Moore I really really am not joking. I've been so serious.
James Acaster So to make warm water, you mix boil boiling hot water and ice? Is that what you're doing?
Thanyia Moore Yeah
Ed Gamble Now, there might be another way of doing it.
Ed Gamble So to get the lemon, you're getting a lime and a yellow felt tip.
Thanyia Moore I hate you.
Ed Gamble Still hate me. You're still a knobhead tho.
James Acaster Poppadoms or bread. Poppadoms, or bread Thanyia Moore, poppadoms or bread?
Thanyia Moore Naan bread or just bread?
James Acaster Any bread you like, any bread in the whole world.
Thanyia Moore Oh, thats hard.
James Acaster This is like pre meal and you can have anything to accompany it that you want.
Thanyia Moore Pre meal, definitely poppadoms with the with the onion salad and mango chutney slash that into a sandwich, poppadom sandwich, you're good to go.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble Poppadom sandwich? So using two poppadoms and putting all the stuff in the middle?
Thanyia Moore We break it off, don't you, and then you just get a bit and you put some onion and some mango, put poppadom on top. It's the best thing, it's great.
Ed Gamble I don't think I've ever done the sandwich. I think I would always put it on like a pizza and then and then do that.
Thanyia Moore You're missing out, you're getting that extra crunch, telling ya, It's gotta be a sandwich
James Acaster I would be scared that it would all like, that I'd bite into it and it would all just disintegrate in my hand but the rest of it wouldn't hold together.
Thanyia Moore No you got to break it off and just put it since - you just break off a bit because you know it will fall apart. Break a bit off put some onion, put some mango, break off another bit put that on top put that in your mouth
Ed Gamble Bite size
Thanyia Moore Basically.
James Acaster So you're not doing it like a taco?
Thanyia Moore Oh god no.
Ed Gamble Or like two whole poppadoms.
Thanyia Moore No.
Ed Gamble Like massive.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble No, I'm not like that.
Ed Gamble Well look, if you were in your own home and no one else was there, would you would you do the whole poppadom?
Thanyia Moore No
Ed Gamble Why not?
Thanyia Moore That's messy, first of all, then I gotta clean up.
Ed Gamble No, in the bath, eat it in the bath.
Thanyia Moore What!
Ed Gamble Get in the bath with poppadoms. You get one of those bath tables, you know that go across the bath. You can lay out all the poppadom stuff on there. That sounds great. I'm gonna do that.
James Acaster No, you're not.
Thanyia Moore please record it.
Ed Gamble I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna records it as an episode of this podcast, a video of me eating a poppadom sandwich in the bath.
James Acaster Well, I mean, Ed. Yes. You know what our listeners are like. That's not going away now. Now you've said that. You won't stop getting tweets about that until you do it.
Ed Gamble Well, I won't have time to get Tweets about it, because I'll release it before this episode comes out.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
You're gonna do it immediately. Poppadoms in the bath; film yourself eating it. Poppadom sandwich in the bath.
Thanyia Moore I'm going to be refreshing the page.
Ed Gamble And I'm gonna be refreshing myself.
James Acaster Disgusting. Thats gross.
Ed Gamble What It wasn't gross, I'm having to wash. I'm allowed to have a wash.
James Acaster Yeah, you said it in a way that sounded dirty.
Ed Gamble And while I'm in there, i'll give my keys a little scrub as well.
James Acaster A much needed scrub of that filth caribiner.
Ed Gamble That's my wrestler name.
Thanyia Moore Filthy carabiner.
James Acaster Now we come to your starter.
Thanyia Moore Always a starter. I found it hard to choose a starter today because there's so many that are great. But today's one is ackee and saltfish in a dumpling, in a fried dumpling. It's really nice. It's a savoury dumpling, you make it out of like flour and water and other seasonings. And then you put it into a ball, make it into a dough, sorry. And then you rip it off, put it into a ball, drop it into the oil for a bit and then when you take it out, it's golden on the outside, but fluffy on the inside. So when you open it up, it's like, you know when you make fresh bread and you just rip it open and you've got all the scents and it's all smoke and it's wonderful. And then you get the ackee and the saltfish. Ackee is is Jamaica's national dish. I'm Jamaican. And it's like grown from the earth. And then you pluck that from the tree. And then you have onions and peppers and other bits in there. And you fry that off lightly with some saltfish that you've steamed because you don't want it to be to salty, it ruins the meal. And then you put the ackee

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
in at the last minute because it's already really cooked, you only have to cook it for a little bit. Once that's done, you put that on the on the dumpling, magic.
James Acaster That is a good food description.
Ed Gamble I've had ackee and saltfish before. I really like it. Yeah, I'm still not 100% on what ackee is. Because texturally there's nothing like it right?
Thanyia Moore Yes.
Ed Gamble Is it a fruit?
Thanyia Moore Yes.
Ed Gamble But it's not like any fruit I've ever had before. Because it's sort, is it correct to say it's a bit it looks a bit like scrambled egg?
Thanyia Moore Yeah, I would say that as well. Yeah,
Ed Gamble I still don't really know what it is.
Thanyia Moore No, I'll be honest with ya. I've just accepted it. It's ackee, thats what it is.
James Acaster The only thing I have to contribute to the saltfish chat is that I had - and I think it's the same as what you're describing, is saltfish duplings once and I thought they were delicious. And it was when I lived near Brixton and, do you know Sikisa, Sikisa Botswick Barnes, the comedian? She lives round there as well. We were going home from a gig. And I'd just move there, she was saying, oh, there's loads of good places for Caribbean food round here. And I was like, Yeah, you've been to Rum Kitchen and she just laughed for ages. It was really embarrassing. This is why I hesitated saying Rum Kitchen to you ,because you have your head in your hands and I knew this was gonna happen. But then I thought I would bring it up, because I think it's a good good point of chat.
Thanyia Moore I can't look at him anymore.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

Thanyia Moore Not Rum Kitchen.
Ed Gamble James, Rum Kitchen, please. Some of us like to eat at the authentic places like Turtle Bay. Some of us like to eat the authentic dishes of the Caribbean like Jerk Halloumi at turtle bay.
Thanyia Moore Man. Sorry, but yeah, you didn't have Caribbean food. It actually says Caribbean inspired. If you go to like Reflex or something like that. Yeah, that's Caribbean.
James Acaster Is that the best in London? Do you reckon?
Thanyia Moore No, but it's nice.
James Acaster Where's the best in London? Or, anywhere you've been, to be fair, but like in England, or where people can go after this pandemic is over.
Thanyia Moore I'll be honest, I don't really eat Caribbean food out because my mum makes it better.
Ed Gamble So your mum, so we can all come to your mum's house after the pandemic.
Thanyia Moore You could, she makes food still. She sells, yes she sells food. Because she does a lot of a lot of the offices' areas in the place they come to mum's house for lunch and they buy little five pound boxes comes with meat and a rice and a salad.
James Acaster What the postcode?
Thanyia Moore N1 2UA
James Acaster Yes, I'll be there.
Thanyia Moore I don't know what that is.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

James Acaster They're getting me rapping on the door. I'd like some saltfish dumplings, please.
Ed Gamble Did you just riff a postcode there Tanya?
Thanyia Moore Yeah, I live in South London.
Ed Gamble N1 EUA did you say?
Thanyia Moore 2UA
Ed Gamble Here we go. That's upper Street.
Thanyia Moore Oh, no.
James Acaster This is a good game.
Thanyia Moore Sorry Upper Street.
Ed Gamble There we go. I think there's probably a Turtle Bay nearby there as well.
James Acaster Right. Thanyia quick, riff another postcode now. Don't even think about it.
Thanyia Moore Go W8 6LQ
Ed Gamble We have a hit.
James Acaster Right Thanyia, First of all, guess where it is.
Thanyia Moore

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Okay. I'm gonna go with Acton.
Ed Gamble No, this is one of our famous guessing games that our producer the great Benito loves.
James Acaster He hates these games.
Ed Gamble It's quite posh. Oh, Fulham. No, not Fulham.
James Acaster Notting Hill?
Ed Gamble It's Kensington.
James Acaster Now, next round, Thanyia. Guess the nearest restaurant or eatery to the postcode.
Thanyia Moore Kensington, that could be anything from a small family cafe to an Italian so I'm going to go for the pizza express.
James Acaster Thats quite a good bet. I'm gonna go for Nando's.
Ed Gamble No, it is Italian. So I'm going to give it I'm going to give it to Thanyia. It's Sanpietro 4.5 stars on Google. Looks quite nice.
James Acaster Well that was gonna be my next round, so thats that fun.
Ed Gamble But very nearby. There is another Italian restaurant on Earls Court Road, read what that's called.
Thanyia Moore Bistro Benito.
James Acaster Bistro Benito. Oh my God. Oh my God it's like a Derran Brown trick.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 22 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Birstro Benito.
James Acaster Bistro Benito. I wonder what that place is like, go in there, they don't like doing guessing games Bistro Benito.
James Acaster Your main course?
Thanyia Moore See I grappled with this. Do I go meet after having fish or do I keep it fish because you know it changes the palette a bit. So I'm going to keep it fish. And I'm going to go for a seafood boil. Depends on what when you get, but you can have lobster you can have crab you can have shellfish. You can have shell prawn sorry. And you can have - and it comes with potatoes and little corn on the cobs. And in the sauce, the sauce is the main thing because it's like fish seasoning with lots of garlic and peppers and onions cooked down and it's like a medium thickness. So you can just slap it up. And I think that would be perfect.
Ed Gamble Thanyia, you're speaking my language. All over lockdown. And this is going to blow your mind for coincidences, all over lockdown I've been getting a meal kit from a place called Decatur who do New Orleans shrimp boils that they deliver to your house. And I'm wearing a T shirt of them today.
Thanyia Moore Oh my gosh, that is crazy.
Ed Gamble Look at that.
Ed Gamble I'm wearing the merch for seafood boils.
James Acaster And i'm wearing a Bistro Benito T-shirt.
Ed Gamble Is the best, it is the absolute best. I'd consider putting that in my dream menu, you know because the act of the boiling and then you tip it all out onto like newspaper and then just get stuck in and just get stuck in, just go for it. I think I'm thinking of buying a trough so I can just do a massive one outside and just eat a big pig.
Thanyia Moore Do that in the bath.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 23 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble Yeah, that'll be the next course in the bath. I could do a whole menu in the bath.
Thanyia Moore Just saying.
James Acaster You filling up the bath and doing the boil in the bath.
Thanyia Moore Sitting in the boil and eating it.
Ed Gamble It's pretty spicy. I think that really hurt like my ass and knob and stuff. So I probably I'd probably have to do it across the table in a trough. Yeah, yeah.
James Acaster You can you know, you can protect those. Protect the sensitive areas before going in.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I suppose so.
Thanyia Moore Just pin it back. Yeah, exactly.
Ed Gamble I just fling out the bath. And it's so spicy. You sort of go into like a zone. Like sometimes things are too hot in the mouth and you're like I can't eat any more of that. But when it's just the right level of spice, you sort of feel high, and you can keep going but you're just you're on it. You're on another level.
Thanyia Moore I agree with all of that.
Ed Gamble Absolutely love it.
James Acaster What because you said you can have loads of different things in the boil, for your dream meal. What do you want in there?
Thanyia Moore Crab legs. And prawns, king prawns with potatoes and sweet corns and lashings and lashings and lashings of sauce

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 24 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble and you want the sausage in there as well you can get sausage in there
Thanyia Moore no sausage, no meat, it's fish boil - it ruins is.
Ed Gamble No way you want the full meal in there, the potato the corn, the sausage, the prawns.
Thanyia Moore sausage is savage
Ed Gamble sausage is savage
James Acaster Trouble in paradise. You two were on the same page for a while there, now sausage has divided you
Thanyia Moore Always the way tho, innit.
James Acaster What do you think, right? You know king prawns, let's just pretend for a while that the king prawns were civilization in their own right, if they have someone who's in charge what would they call that person that prawn? Yeah cuz they're all called king prawns.
Thanyia Moore He's the prawn.
James Acaster Thats just the prawn.
Ed Gamble So the king and the king prawn
Thanyia Moore is just prawn, You don't even have to, You don't kick him he's just prone
Ed Gamble so he's in charge because he's not a king.
Thanyia Moore No, no, it's not that he's not a king. It's just that everybody else is king King King King King. So that's regular. So he's different.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 25 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

Ed Gamble He's just prawn
Thanyia Moore So he's the prawn, you have to have the the in there, the prawn. It's not the king prawns, but he's the prawn.
James Acaster Yeah. Cause originially you said prawn.
Ed Gamble Well, we recorded it Thanyia, so.
Thanyia Moore Go you go, you go right now.
James Acaster I agree. I agree. I agree that the prawn makes more sense but at one point you said he's just prawn and I love the thought of everyone just going, Hey Prawn, and just calling him prawn. And everyone else the king prawn. Actually, The, is more commingding, isn't it?
Thanyia Moore It is because everyones going to start putting da and start graffiting that and you don't want that. Then there'll be a rapper called the prawn rapper, and you know what that
Ed Gamble I do.
Thanyia Moore A rapping called the prawn rapper.
Ed Gamble Yeah, definitely.
Thanyia Moore What's he gonna wrap about, wanting a sausage?
Ed Gamble Not being allowed to hang out in the jacuzzi with a sausage. The prawn rapper, the prawn rapper sat in the jacuzzi. That's all the seafood boil. Like rapping about being a prawn. Of course. I want that. Who wouldn't want that?
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 26 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Still, though, very difficult to come up with words that line with sausage so da prawn is really in trouble.
Thanyia Moore Maybe if he changes the way he says sausage, you might say sausige.
Ed Gamble He's a rapper he could do that.
James Acaster Let's say let's say he calls it sausige, instead of sausage. What words does that open him up to. What words out there rhyme with sausige.
Thanyia Moore Seige, trees.
James Acaster Trees, trees rhymes with sausige, does it?
Thanyia Moore If you say it, right. Why are you crossing your arms?
James Acaster I'm kind of excited because I want to just keep this going for a long time
Ed Gamble It's because it's because me and Thanyia really acted like we'd solve the problem there. When we said you could change it to sausige. And we're both like Yeah, yeah, that would that would work. Now he's got a veritable dictionary in front of it.
James Acaster So you've got seige and trees so far, that rhyme with sausige.
Thanyia Moore You got Bees, Knees. Because if you say, I give you the sausige and have you on your knees? That's a good song.
James Acaster I'm not denying thats a good song.
Ed Gamble Teach ya about the birds and the bees. Yeah. See sort of works.
Thanyia Moore once you say sausige, it changes everything..

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 27 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
James Acaster What's your side dish? what we thinkin?
Thanyia Moore See I think that a boil doesn't need a side dish, because it's enough in itself. However, some people like to have a salad for a side dish, and for my meat eaters, I know they might like some chicken wings on the side maybe just to kind of dip that in and just have that moment if they don't have a sausige, know what I mean? So yeah, it would be one of those two if needed.
Ed Gamble You did a thing that I only really associate with James Acaster then, so you two should be should be getting on better. You shouldn't think he's a knobhead because you're basically the same person. When you said, when you said dipping in, you acted it out. James can't talk about dipping something in something without going, and I'm dippin, i'm dippin it in. I'm chucking em in. He always does that as well. He can't help but act out everything he's doing.
James Acaster I didn't realise that about myself until Ed just said it, and it is true.
Ed Gamble I'm dippin it in and i'm eating it. You always do that. And then the other one is, if it's a bag of something, you'll, you'll mime like throwing it in your mouth.
James Acaster Yeah, I do. I love throwing it in. Like it's from a distance. I didn't know I did that Ed. You must have been in all these episodes thinking he's doing it again. I'll bring it up.
Ed Gamble I love it personally, really like it. And so what you going with in the in the side? Are you going with the chicken wings? Or you go with a salad? Or do you going with some sort of chicken wings salad?
Thanyia Moore I think this person dependent I'll be nice. So if you're coming as a guest, and you prefer a salad. I'll give you a salad. If you prefer chicken wings. I'll give chicken wings.
James Acaster You do know this is your meal, though. We're not getting you to cook for somebody else.
Thanyia Moore I wanted it to be a dinner party. You can't cook for one.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 28 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
We should have covered this. Absolutely. You can have a dinner party who you inviting to it? How many guests? Are they your personal friends?
Thanyia Moore Three guests. Three girlfriends.
James Acaster Name em.
Thanyia Moore Tasha, Joanna Antonette.
James Acaster How long have you known Tasha for? whats she like? How did you meet her?
Thanyia Moore I met Tasha when I used to teach dancing, and I've known her for, Well, when I met her her daughter was three. She's now 22 she's about to be 23. So yeah, 20 years.
James Acaster Interesting. Why has she made the cut. Whats she like, what she bringing to the dinner party.
Thanyia Moore Herself. And she's always late, so she'll be late, so she'll miss probably the starter, her starter will be cold, but she'll still want it though. So it'll be cold. And so you always have to make time for Tasha being late.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I'd never be friends with her. She would never be invited to anything I did, once I knew she'd be late, unacceptable stuff.
Thanyia Moore No, no, but you've got to weigh it up like this. When you have a friend. If they've got like two bad things, but 1000 good things, then you just have to deal with the bad things.
Ed Gamble It depends what the bad things are.
Thanyia Moore Being late aint that bad
Ed Gamble It is awful Thanyia.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 29 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Thanyia Moore She gets there eventually.
Ed Gamble If I've cooked for someone and they're late, and then it ruins the quality of the food. Absolutely not. You're off.
Thanyia Moore I didn't like it at first, but I just don't wait for any more. So it serves her right. We'll start.
James Acaster Joanna, was that one of them?
Thanyia Moore Yes.
James Acaster What's she like? How did you meet her? Why'd she make the cut?
Thanyia Moore Joanna is actually Tasha's best friends. So I met her at the same time. And we became friends separately. So now we have our own relationship. And Joanna will definitely be there on time. In fact, she'll be there a little bit early. And she will probably bring a bottle of wine.
Ed Gamble Actually, I don't like that she's early. No, she's not coming around to mine either.
Thanyia Moore Not that early. She's only like 10 -15 minutes early.
Ed Gamble Then she can wait outside until the agreed time.
James Acaster I've turned up too Ed's house early, every time I think I've visited him.
Ed Gamble I prefer it to lateness. But still, you know, I'm making the finishing touches to everything.
Thanyia Moore Can I say, all of them will always ask, Do you need anything?
Ed Gamble That's nice.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 30 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

James Acaster But Tasha just doesn't bring anything, turns up late. So she asks, but then she just turns up late, doesn't bring anything. Whereas Joanna turns up early with a bottle.
Thanyia Moore Because you know, she's come in late. There's no need to ask her for anything cause you'll already have it.
James Acaster No point saying could you bring some boiling water and some ice cubes, please?
Thanyia Moore I hate you as well now.
Ed Gamble Could you buy yourself a watch on the way over? That'd be great.
James Acaster Who was the third person at the dinner party?
Thanyia Moore Antonette.
James Acaster Who is she? How'd you meet her? Whats she like? Why'd she make the cut?
Thanyia Moore You're definitly back to knobhead again. Antonette I met at work, at my last 9 to 5 when I was doing reception, and she worked there as well. Whats she like? She's wonderful. She's very giving, Antonette will definitely ask me if I need anything. And then probably bring a couple of bottles and maybe a dessert as well. And possibly some snacks.
Ed Gamble This is James's favourite person so far.
James Acaster So obviously I love her.
Thanyia Moore But will turn up early because she will want to help you set up and get things ready and shes that person.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 31 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed, you gonna allow that. You okay with that?
Ed Gamble If you've pre arranged getting there earlier than everyone else to help set up so you know Antonette is coming at a certain time. That's fine. I think she's my favourite out of all of your friends.
Thanyia Moore You said that very strong. All you your friends.
Ed Gamble Because, it's like I think you've got a Goldilocks situation in that you've got late, early, and then pre arranged early which is very much the mummy bear porridge. So I like I like mommy bear Anntonette. She can be my friend.
Thanyia Moore Okay.
James Acaster Well she's my favourite as well. So congratulations to Antonette there. Easily the winner. Yeah. And I think we'll agree. It goes then Joanna and then way way down at the bottom, is late-Tasha; doesn't bring anything, doesn't help.
Ed Gamble Yeah, not happy with Tasha.
Thanyia Moore Don't say that.
Ed Gamble Not a fan.
Thanyia Moore She's not that, no don't say that.
James Acaster Only good thing she's ever done is introduce you to Joanna, in my opinion. You'd like salad and chicken wings so that your friends can all choose what they would like.
Ed Gamble Right? So we only say it's person dependent the chicken wings and the salad, out of Tasha, Joanna and Antonette who's having wings and who's having salad?
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 32 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Yes, actually, based on what we know of them. Can we guess and than you can tell us? Guessing game.
Thanyia Moore Yes. Yes.
James Acaster Be cool Benito. I, I think that Antonette would have salad, I think Joanna would have wings, Tasha would also have wings.
Ed Gamble Tasha is having whatever she's fucking given at this point.
James Acaster Yeah, because she's lucky she got any boil.
Ed Gamble Yeah, she can have the leftovers. She can have the scraps. I think Joanna would have wings. Antonette is bringing a dessert. So maybe she's more dessert focused. So maybe she's saving room for dessert. She's quite excited about that. So she's having a salad instead. So I agree with James, I'd say salad. But Tasha. I don't know. She's turning up late. What does she feel like? Cold wings are all right, I suppose. But salads better if you turn up late. Really, it probably keeps a slightly longer. So I'm actually going to go salad for Tasha, because it's the late person's favourite meal.
Thanyia Moore And the winner is James.
James Acaster Yeah, yes, I knew it.
Ed Gamble How spicy are these wings, what's going on with these wings, what you're putting on them?
Thanyia Moore I wouldn't make them spicy, I would probably just make them regular oven wings. So you just season them with the basics. So just like a little tiny bit of seasoning or maybe some garlic powder, maybe a little bit of thyme. And then probably just a sprinkling of some chilli flakes. It's a tiny bit of soy sauce, soy sauce, and then you kind of just like rub it down a bit. Put that in the oven, put some foil on top so it kind of boils through first. And then you drain the water off and then you get get top top oil off. Put it back in the oven so it gets that browny flavour. And then if you want to, you could make like a sweet honey soy sauce to go on top of it. I like to do that. You just cook off some soy sauce and honey with a little bit of seasoning inside. cook that down. Pour that on top. Put a little bit of butter, not butter sorry, brown sugar, sprinkle it sticky.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 33 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble Wow, where you go with the butter put that on as well. Don't tell me about the butter and then take the butter away.
Thanyia Moore Wait, wait wait. No butter. You got a little bit,
Ed Gamble You broke my heart.
Thanyia Moore Sugar, Brown Sugar so it makes it nice and sticky. And then when you take it out, it's just a nice, you breakaway and it's nice sticky crisp on the outside and the chickens nice on the insidem it's just perfect.
James Acaster Now cos your mum is a chef. And you live with a chef. I mean, we've had a lot of food descriptions on this podcast. Yours are at the level of the chef's that we've had on, I think Ed would agree. Yeah, this isn't your average comic describing food. This is chef level. If one day someone was like, you have to run a restaurant for a day and you're the head chef, do you reckon you could pull it off of it? I think you could pull it off?
Thanyia Moore I think I could pull it off. I'd like to think so.
Ed Gamble I'd come to your restaurant.
Thanyia Moore Thank you.
James Acaster What would you call your restaurant?
Thanyia Moore I probably call it Joice's. It's my mum's name.
James Acaster Okay. It's chef's name their restaurants after their parents, maybe Bitsto Benito is run by Great Benito son.
Ed Gamble Benito has got a son and he didn't tell us.
James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 34 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
He's got a son and he didn't tell us, and he owns a little resturant call Bistro Benito.
Ed Gamble Little Benito. What's this salad, Thanyia? So you've got the wings, which sounds delicious. I'm going to try making them like that I'm going to use, this will be one of the episodes that we can rewind and use as a recipe book. What's this salad?
Thanyia Moore It's very basic. It's shredded lettuce. It's cucumbers. It's tomatoes. This red onions is sweet corn, and a little bit of sauce of your choice.
James Acaster Cream.
James Acaster We come to your dream drink now is this going to be your dream drink or you're thinking about the guests.
Thanyia Moore I know, it's mine, it accompanies the meal. So I would have two different types of white wine, one to accompany the starter and one to accompany the main and dessert.
Ed Gamble I like this. I like this little drinks hack of pairing drinks with different courses. Not many people do it on the podcast, but it's always a welcome treat. What you pairing with the starter?
Thanyia Moore I think it would be a Pinot Noir, and it would be from, I like one from New Zealand, so it would be for New Zealand or South Africa actually. That would be a nice small glass of wine to accompany your ackee and saltfish dumpling
Ed Gamble Whats all this small glass shit? Sorry I've got to weigh in.
Thanyia Moore Cause when we get to the boil that's the pièce de résistance. That's when you need a large glass of wine. You don't want to be, you don't want your palate to be just covered in wine so you can't really taste the seasoning from the boil.
Ed Gamble I don't think that's a thing, I think just have a big glass. Come on
Thanyia Moore It's a thing.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 35 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
James Acaster Ed's got a problem. And his argument is just shouting come on at you.
Ed Gamble Come on, have a little drink with me. With your really fun friend Ed.
Ed Gamble If you only have a small glass, I'm gonna have the rest of it.
Ed Gamble So what are you having the big glass of for the boil?
Thanyia Moore sauvignon blanc
Ed Gamble I wish I knew something about sauvignon blanc. To say, that's a great choice, but I just drink it regardless.
Thanyia Moore It's a little bit sweeter than the pino, so it's better.
James Acaster Again, here have you picked up wine tasting skills from your mum from Joyce?
Thanyia Moore No, because she will just have any white wine. But my flatmate, Yes. We do a lot of cheese and wine nights. So she'd introduce me to a lot of different cheeses, and chutneys the things that go with cheeses.
James Acaster Ok, you need to move out.
Thanyia Moore Why?
Ed Gamble Cheese is a danger word on this podcast for James. Especially, as you know, we're not we're not at the dessert yet. We heard earlier that you know you're in the starter gang with me. And now cheeses are popping up rearing their head, what I would say dangerously close to James asking you what you want for dessert. We're still hovering around the drink but cheese and wine nights. That sounds lovely. And we know that you've already said that you're having this wine to match both the boil which is good,

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 36 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
a nice, you know it's spicy, a sweeter white wine will punch through that spice. Nice. But can you carry that through to whatever the final course will be? I'm not going to specifically say dessert.
James Acaster Is it too late to book Antonette for the podcast?
Ed Gamble That was another danger there. That's another flag, a red flag isn't it that someone else has to bring their own dessert
James Acaster Has to bring a dessert because they know that it'd be cheese and goddamn biscuits for dessert instead.
Thanyia Moore It's not cheese and biscuits, but also that's just Antonette. I probably wouldn't use it. I never do but she does.
Ed Gamble Oh, so she always brings a dessert and you put it straight in the bin.
Thanyia Moore No, I just put it in the cupboard as something else for the next time.
James Acaster So you and your housemate sit down and have cheese biscuit evenings with your wine.
Thanyia Moore Yes
James Acaster That sounds lovely. But you're doing that after you've had like a proper dessert at some other point in the day right? So you've had a dessert and then you have the cheese and biscuit evening to unwind that's okay.
Thanyia Moore No cheese and biscuit. There's so much cheese and biscuits, that's just dinner.
James Acaster Oh the whole of dinner, so that's even replacing the starters so in a way,
Thanyia Moore Everything so I couldn't have it at this at this dinner party.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 37 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
You could, I mean if you wanted to make that your dessert, feel free. Feel free. Thanyia, I don't want to, I don't want you to feel pressured by James. I don't want you to feel like he's bullying you into not having your dream dessert which is cheese and biscuits.
Thanyia Moore It's really not.
Ed Gamble You've bullied her James.
James Acaster No. No bullying took place. I just put my emotions out there, my feelings. Let everyone see my feelings.
Thanyia Moore Wow.
James Acaster How long have you live with the chef?
Thanyia Moore A year?
James Acaster So you moved in what, start of lockdown?
Thanyia Moore Just before the pandemic Yeah, just before, like a week before.
James Acaster Did you know them beforehand? Or is it?
Thanyia Moore No.
James Acaster Wow. So this has worked out quite nicely for you.
Thanyia Moore Very well.
James Acaster Not many people a week before locked down. moved in with a chef.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 38 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Yeah. You seriously lucked out there.
James Acaster Right right up there with moving in with a hairdresser or something before locked down. Yeah. pretty lucky.
Thanyia Moore Can I tell you something? Do you know what my blocks called?
Ed Gamble What?
Thanyia Moore Moore house?
Thanyia Moore I don't know whats going on.
Thanyia Moore My blocks called Moore House, the house where I live is called Moore house.
James Acaster Oh, sorry, cause your surnames Moore.
Ed Gamble What I love about that, is that's definitely a joke he should have got over by now. You've been there for a year. That seems like the sort of joke that someone would say to you, Moore House, Moore House. You're called Thanyia Moore and you live in Moore House. And you'd be like, yeah, alright, fuckin hell, I get that all the time. But you said that to us a year after moving into Moore House like that is the best joke you have ever heard in your life, still.
Thanyia Moore It's not a joke.
Ed Gamble I know it's not a Joke, but you still find it absolutely hilarious. I love it.
James Acaster You are vibrating? Also, when you said originally, the way that you said it made me think you were saying more, as in, can I have some more. Yeah. So yeah, it was like a big house with like, I'm in a block. And what is a block if it's not more houses. If you've got more, more house.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 39 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
I'll be honest with you Thanyia. I was Also baffled, completely baffled me and James arrived at that joke later than, than Tasha would.
James Acaster Call us a couple of Tashas over here because we are late and rude.
Thanyia Moore And you've brought nothing.
James Acaster Brought nothing to it as well. We get to the dessert. Now, I know it's not cheese and biscuits, so I'm relieved, but then I'm not completely in the clear, although you know, you've had a dessert bought over. But that's gone in, Antonettes brought it, but you put that in the cupboard. So that means you don't need the dessert. So there must be something sweet on the way.
Thanyia Moore It is a cherry crumble.
James Acaster Lovely.We have not had cherry crumble before, and I am excited to hear about the cherry crumble.
Thanyia Moore I like to make my own crumble. I don't let it make me and cherries. So Joyce will have made the cherries. Yeah. And th en I just make the crumble and then put that in the oven. And when you take it out, you offer ice cream or custard.
James Acaster That's what I like to hear.
Ed Gamble I absolutely love that. You're getting Joyce to do the majority of the work, let's be honest. And then you put the crumble on and then you present a dinner party going here's the cherry crumble I've definitely made from scratch, right.
Thanyia Moore I wouldn't say from scratch. I just say here's the cherry crumble.
Ed Gamble Yeah, ask no more questions.
James Acaster Also, if you say to people, I made the crumble. It sounds like you made the whole thing. But you're not technically lying. So you're like, I made the crumble pretty good. And then it was like, these cherries are so delicious. And you can just be like, I made the crumble. You keep saying that to them. Oh yeah.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 40 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble It's Thanyia all right. She keeps saying she made the crumble whenever we ask her.
James Acaster Denying that she knows anyone called Joyce as well. I don't know why she keeps saying that. That's the name of her restaurant. What is the secret to these cherries that Joyce is making, whats she putting in them? I can't disclose all of them. But the number one ingredient you can rest assured is cherries.
Ed Gamble Thanks so much for even giving away a bit of Joyce's secret there Thanyia, we feel very privillaged. Aall you given us is cherries.
James Acaster There's chrries in it and that's it. I'm not even gonna bother asking you whats in the crumble cos I know what the answer is gonna be.
Thanyia Moore It's just flour and butter, isn't it, and a little bit of sugar.
Ed Gamble You're not putting any oats in it or anything. I know people like to put oats in.
Thanyia Moore A bit of cinnamon in it, a little bit. And then you really really crumble up some bread. And you put that on the top sometimes and that gives you a nice little crisp. So you have the crumble and the soft cherries because the bottom of the crop was going to be a little bit soft isn't it? So the top bit you want to keep crispy.
Ed Gamble In many ways. It's like a dessert cottage pie.
Thanyia Moore Almost, similar colour.
James Acaster Yeah. Would you say that your favourite type of food, is a soft layer topped with a crispy layer?
Thanyia Moore I would say so.
Ed Gamble It is good, now I'm thinking about is probably bite as well.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 41 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Thanyia Moore I would go for custard.
James Acaster You work with custard over ice cream. I would be the guest who asks for both. Would that be okay at your dinner party?
Thanyia Moore That would be fine. I mean, when you leave I'll be like, they're so greedy.
James Acaster Well putting the ice cream in the hot custard is the equivalent of putting the ice cubes in the hot water.
Ed Gamble That's true. He's got you there.
James Acaster Oh, I'm getting the finger for the first time of the pod.
Ed Gamble That'll be the screenshot we used to promote the episode.
James Acaster Oh thats 100% gonna it. It sounds like cherry crumble has always been a favourite of yours. Have you always had it growing up and stuff?
Thanyia Moore Do you know what, it used to be apple. Then I went to Blackberry. Then cherry
James Acaster Interesting Now tell us the age that you were when you switch from Apple to Blackberry. And the age that you were we switch from blackberry to cherry.
Thanyia Moore Seven, apples a blackberry.
James Acaster Sophisticated that is sophisticated.
Thanyia Moore 16
Ed Gamble Is that something you announced to your mum when you were seven? Mother, I'm making the switch.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 42 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Thanyia Moore I think she caught on when I just started like digging the apple out of the apple pie and just eat in the pastry.
James Acaster And then your teens were when you were like, 16 did you say?
Thanyia Moore yes 16, it's like when I was leaving school.
James Acaster Reinventing yourself, thats what a` lot of people do. Leave school new me. I like cherry crumble now.
Thanyia Moore Definitely. This is it. just got in. feet first.
James Acaster Do you anticipate another phase coming in at some point where the cherries get nudged out and you replace it with something else?
Ed Gamble Let's not forget old pappa rhubarb. He's got to make an appearance
James Acaster Pappa rhubarb is not coming.
Thanyia Moore I like rhubarb, but like in a yoghurt.
Ed Gamble Sure, but that means rhubarbs in your life. So at some point old Papa rhubarb is going to be like, put me in a crumble. I think you're missing out by not having, cherry crumble sounds good. But I think rhubarb crumble is the most grown up of the crumbles, hence old pappa rhubarb. And I think as you get a little bit older, maybe you know, maybe into your 40s 50s I think the rhubarb is going to make an appearance. That's just what I think.
Thanyia Moore So in about two years
James Acaster I'll tell you what, in a couple of years time you're going to be making a crumble and you're gonna pout a big old can of Cawston press in there. Made myself a crumble, and i'm pouring in the Cawston prey-yes

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 43 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Ed Gamble I mean, for me that's baffling and I know what you're doing. So I know your songs about Cawston press. You sing them all the time, but even I'm confused. So God knows what Thanyia is thinking right now.
James Acaster I know exactly how Thanyia is feeling right now. She's feeling the same way that I felt when I heard Moore House.
Ed Gamble Thanyia is not laughing at what you said that James, is because you reminded her of the More House joke and she's laughing at that.
Thanyia Moore Thats the truth. I want to confirm that I definitely hate you both right now.
Ed Gamble Yeah, absolutely fine. No problem
Thanyia Moore So we all know where we are.
James Acaster Water, you would like warm lemon water, two thirds boiling water 1/3 cold water and sometimes some ice. Poppadoms or bread, you want to poppadom sandwich with onion and mango chutney. Starter, ackee and saltfish dumpling. Main course, seafood boil with crab legs and king prawns, potatoes mcorn on the cob, lashings of sauce, no sausige. Side dish, salad or chicken wings depending on the guest. We've established that there would be two portions of chicken wings, one salad and you did not reveal your own side dish, actually what you would have at the dinner party of your choosing.
Thanyia Moore I wouldn't have one.
James Acaster You would leave it and just have the boil.
Ed Gamble Pass, a pass.
James Acaster Drink, two types of white wine. New Zealand Pinot Noir with starter, sav blanc with the main. Dessert, cherry crumble with custard. You're making the crumble, Joyce is making the cherries. Also, ice cream as well Benito. Benito missed out the ice cream. It's Ok Benito I understand you've got a restaurant to

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 44 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
run with your son, you got a lot on your plate right now. You can't write down the whole WhatsApp menu because Bistro Benito has to survive the pandemic.
Ed Gamble I tell you I absolutely love about this as well, is you're making Joyce make the cherries and you've not invited her. Joyce just bring the cherries around and then go
Thanyia Moore I'll set a plate. I'll set a plate
Ed Gamble Well that's even more upsetting. I've set you a plate but you're not allowed to come in
Thanyia Moore No. Hold on.
James Acaster Given that we've nailed down your sense of humour now. If you have friends to a dinner party, if when they be in their food they said, Can I have some Moore? Would you be like, this is absolutly. I love it. I love hosting a dinner party.
Ed Gamble Thanyia thank you so much for coming to the dream restaurant, you've been a wonderful guest.
Thanyia Moore Thank you, I really enjoyed it.
Ed Gamble Do you still hate me and think James is a knobhead?
Thanyia Moore 1,000%
Ed Gamble Well there we go. A lovely menu. When you're reading back there, James. I forgot how sort of weirdly it started but then it did then slip into quite a delicious menu. It was the the warm, the weird warm water with lemon situation and then the poppadom sandwich and I was like, we're in for a wacky one here but then it was pretty nice from then on in.
James Acaster Absolutely delicious and more importantly it didn't include dark fruits cider.
Ed Gamble Be difficult to see where she would have fitted Dark Fruit cider to be honest.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 45 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore

James Acaster Yeah, would have been bad. But still thank you for the suggestion. Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble Bleasdale. Cheers Bleasdale, keep suggesting stuff if you want Bleasdale. We do like saying your name like that.
James Acaster Benito has just told us to Bleasdale has actually suggested loads. So we've got loads to choose from that Bleasdale said.
Ed Gamble Cheers Bleasdale. So go and check Thanyia's stuff out online. She did all that stuff we've mentioned in the intro and also she's she's on the socials.
James Acaster Yes. I imagine
Ed Gamble @tanyamoore on Twitter. She's on Instagram as well. thanyiamoore.co.uk is her website. Go and check it out. Look, we may be coming to the point where we can do gigs again. So Thanyia Moore might be out there doing gigs if you want to go and see her in a live environment. She is brilliant. Go and see her.
James Acaster Yes, absolutely. Ed and I are nice men. Just doing a plug for us.
Ed Gamble Yeah, cool. Nice plug
James Acaster @offmenuofficial on Twitter and Instagram. offmenupodcase.co.uk is the website. There's a whole list of restaurants on there which we will now add Joyce's to and of course we will add Bistro Benito to it.
Ed Gamble Bistro Benito will be there.
James Acaster And if you go to Bistro Benito, you have to ask if the great Benito is in, and they will obviously, Yeah they might be confused but just ask. Is the great Benito in tonight? And see what they say to you. Maybe he'll be there with his little son.
Ed Gamble

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 46 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 96: Thanyia Moore
Thank you very much for listening to the Off Menu podcast. We'll be back again in your lives very soon. Goodbye,
James Acaster So long and farewell.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 47 -

