Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Off Menu- Ep107 ­ Joe Wicks
Ed Gamble Welcome to the Off Menu Podcast where we heat the oil of conversation and plunge our guests in until they're a nice crispy golden brown.
James Acaster Ooh.
Ed Gamble Yeah? We're sort of frying I guess.
James Acaster Yeah yeah, I like it. Most people might say you grill a guest which is also a food thing, you know, but we fry `em apparently.
Ed Gamble Oh yep.. oh man, I'll do that another day. That's great, thanks James.
James Acaster Don't worry.
Ed Gamble You grill a guest, that works so perfectly. How have I not? We fry them, we fry them until they're crispy, that's what we do.
James Acaster Yeah. We invite our guests into the Dream Restaurant and ask them they're favourite ever
Ed Gamble Sorry mate, let me kick myself a little bit longer there.
James Acaster I don't want to let you beat yourself up, you know, you don't deserve it, you're a hard-working boy. You deliver, you deliver at the very top of your game constantly, you know.
Ed Gamble Does that work for anything else, do you steam a guest?
James Acaster No, you don't steam a guest, you don't bake it. You grill 'em, you grill 'em.
Ed Gamble Baking a guest.
James Acaster But like don't worry about it, you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
Ed Gamble Ooh, this guy's good
James Acaster Yeah, we ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble That'll be, when we do a TV show of this we should call it 'James and Ed Grill' and then dot dot dot and its like a long form interview with with someone, 'James and Ed Grill', I dunno, Prince Philip.

James Acaster Yep, 'James and Ed Grill', it doesn't sound very like, it doesn't really like, it doesn't roll off the tongue. It sounds a bit clunky.

Ed Gamble Fine, 'Ed Grills Prince Phillip'

James Acaster Ed grills, yeah

Ed Gamble James bastes

James Acaster But then people will think you're like Bear Grylls, you're his brother.

Ed Gamble Ooh. That works perfectly! Bear Grylls, but we're grilling Bear! So on this occasion we're grilling Bear, Bear doesn't grill anything

James Acaster See! You're back on the top of your game now

Ed Gamble Grills Bear.. 'Ed and James Grill Bear', that doesn't sound clunky.

James Acaster Yeah well done. You feel like you're back on form now?

Ed Gamble Oh yeah, top of the tree mate.

James Acaster You feeling good about yourself? Feeling confident? Cos this is the last episode of the series we're going into a big interview here.

Ed Gamble Yep. Anyway James, who are we deep frying this week on the Off Menu podcast?

James Acaster Joe Wicks!

Ed Gamble Grilled, I should have said grilled. Yes, it's Joe Wicks everybody! Of course.

James Acaster We ask Joe Wicks' favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink.

Ed Gamble It's Joe Wicks: national lockdown institution.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

James Acaster Oh yes, he's secured his place in the history books, which is more than can be said for this couple of saddos.

Ed Gamble Oh yeah, we are outta here. I was thinking the other day, when I'm like a really old man, if I've got grandkids or whatever, no one's going, 'ooh, old uncle Ed, or old Granddad Ed the comedian', they're finding that out later from like a picture in an attic

James Acaster After you're dead and then they'll dust it off

Ed Gamble Yeah, and then they're going, ooh, apparently he was a comedian, he was such a, he was such a boring old saddo.

James Acaster Oh, he was a comedian actually and then they'll research it and they'll go, and probably this'll be the episode that they hear for the first time, they go 'fries?! what the hell, Granddad Ed you idiot. He was bad!'

Ed Gamble You didn't need much to be a comedian back in those days. Anyway, ooh look there's some Joe Wicks videos here, let's watch those, he's a proper institution.

James Acaster Yes, I mean I'm very much looking forward to hearing what Joe Wicks likes to eat, he's helped the nation be healthier and keep fit during this pandemic but, you know, what's the fuel that's er, stoking that fire. No fuelling that, oh no it's catching

Ed Gamble Oh man, fuel stoking that fire, yeah no but I guess that works.

James Acaster The fuel that's getting the fire burning

Ed Gamble What fuel is he using to power his engine, sounds a bit sexy that.

James Acaster I tell you what though Ed, one bit of fuel that if he's fuelling the fire, we're gonna have to kick him out of the restaurant, we have a secret ingredient every week, an ingredient that we don't like and if a guest says it, they're out on their ass. And this week the secret ingredient is Lucozade sport.

Ed Gamble Lucozade sport. I hope this isn't on his meal James.

James Acaster We're playing dirty.

Ed Gamble We are playing dirty actually. Because there's a high chance, you know the guy need fuelling like that. Maybe he's come to love the taste of Lucozade sport. Look, hands up, I always have a Lucozade sport knocking around because when I go for a long run I like to be able to hydrate and

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

keep my blood sugar levels up. And Lucozade sport is the best thing for that, but I wouldn't have it with my meal.

James Acaster But will Joe Wicks, will he be the Joel Dommett, will he follow in those footsteps? Joel had a protein shake. Joe Wicks is even healthier than Joel, is he gonna go Lucozade sport? We'll see.

Ed Gamble Yep. Well I hope he doesn't because of course Joe Wicks' new book is coming out tomorrow and we'd love a chance to chat about it more. And that's called Joe's Family Food, and that comes out on the tenth of June. If you're listening to this on the day this comes out, that's tomorrow, go get Joe Family Food, it's food for the family, I don't know if he's thought of that catch phrase yet, you're welcome to it Joe.

James Acaster Well, well, you are not on your game today and I really hope that we pull off this interview because it's on shaky ground already.

Ed Gamble Hey Joe, I hope that you enjoy grilling people's families.

James Acaster Okay that's not.. okay.. Ed

Ed Gamble This is the Off Menu menu of

Ed Gamble and James Acaster Joe Wicks!

Ed Gamble Joe Wicks welcome to The Dream Restaurant.

Joe Wicks Thank you for having me. Mate, do you know what, I've written down my menu and I'm just like, if this existed, I'd be there every day of the week, it's just like my favourite food ever.

Ed Gamble Oh amazing, great. Oh, here he is, the waiter has arrived.

James Acaster Welcome Joe Wicks to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.

Joe Wicks Well thanks for having me, I mean it's, I was always wondering will I ever get invited onto this podcast because I am obviously obsessed with my food.

James Acaster Now listen mate, I'm going to ask you this upfront.

Ed Gamble Go on

James Acaster Are you going to mug me off on dessert later?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks Now look, mate, people think I don't like dessert, I'm a massive, I've got a big sweet, I've got a very sweet tooth. I love my chocolate, I love my ice cream, trust me, my dessert's very sweet, very sticky very sweet.
James Acaster Listen, I wouldn't normally ask people that up top but, you're a healthy man and I was thinking I'm gonna be tense all episode, I'm gonna be tense for the whole thing if I don't ask it straight out the gate because I know that if you had chosen something else or passed on the dessert I'd have flipped out and you're a national hero and that would not have looked good on me. So I was gonna be really tense all episode if I didn't ask that out the gate.
Joe Wicks No there's no way I'm missing dessert mate. I've got a very sweet tooth and I would like, to be honest, I sometime start my meal with a dessert, flip I ground and have a pudding to start with
James Acaster Let's do it, we'll start with dessert today Ed
Ed Gamble No, oh come one, whoa whoa whoa come on. Look, don't get excited, we're not here to flip it round.
James Acaster Oh, so you're the square?
Ed Gamble Don't, look, I'm the square? Of course I am I just think, look, I know you'd relaxed you're happy now, cos there's always the worry Joe that we get someone who's world is fitness on and they're gonna be like, 'oh, I'll have an egg', and then I'll leave.
Joe Wicks Oh no, not me, mate. I've got, mate, to be honest, mine's very, deep fried, it's very very high, highly calorific, but I, I love my food, and to be honest because I exercise so much I can get away with it. Maybe you'll be surprised by some of my choices, you might've thought I was gonna go for a salad and a vegetable risotto but I've gone all in on this.
James Acaster Love it! And we're starting with dessert, this is a great week.
Ed Gamble Is this like a cheat day thing? Is that something that you do, do you have a cheat day?
Joe Wicks Not really have a cheat day as such, I'm more just like, I just live my life and I love my food so I, you know, I miss going into restaurant. But if I was gonna go into a restaurant, these are the kind of things that I can't cook at home, I can't make this myself I can't create food like this with the taste and the flavours and all the kind of ingredients. So this is really like, you know, death row meal/ wedding day dinner really. If I was to have my dream wedding day and to be honest, a lot of this stuff was at my wedding.
Ed Gamble It's amazing that that you've put those two things together Joe, that you've gone, death row meal/ wedding. That you're at your wedding day going, 'this is what I'd have if I was about to be killed'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

James Acaster Or if they were on the same day, imagine that! You're there in your prison cell but they get you married first and then they're like, right, walk the green mile.

Joe Wicks It happens, a lot of convicts get married on death row you know, you see it in the movies.

James Acaster Yeah, yeah, a lot of them. Very popular. This is exciting now, I'm glad that we're starting on dessert, we're gonna do that first, first time we've ever done that on the podcast that's exciting. Also, you said like you're a big food fan, I was gonna ask if you watch like a lot of food videos on YouTube, or, cos you've got a lot people through the pandemic, through the lockdown, thank you for that, who's been getting you through? Who's your Joe Wicks?

Joe Wicks Yeah mate, I'm obsessed with all, I love all those Instagram accounts with like the food, I love, you know those like steak videos with them cutting up the steak and putting all the sauce on it. But the new one I'm obsessed with is a guy called Men with Pot. Have you seen that?

James Acaster and Ed Gamble No

Joe Wicks So it's an Instagram account called Men with Pot and like, he'll like kayak out into the forest and like make a fire and then make like a beautiful burrito or like a home-made taco or a steak and it's all done on like one of those cast iron pans, but he shoots it, it's like so, it's like really, almost relaxing, it's like therapeutic watching it and then he'll go into like yeah the jungle or the woods and it's very nature, sort of out in nature, but he makes the most incredible food, follow, it's called Men with Pot, yeah you're gonna love that. Good Instagram.

James Acaster Men with pot?

Joe Wicks Yeah Men with Pot. Cos he's got a pot, you know like a pot

James Acaster What were you originally searching for when you found that?

Joe Wicks Looking to get baked, weren't I? Yeah I don't know, I just came across it but my Instagram explorer is normally like guitars, because I love guitars, it's like motor bikes because I've got a few motorbikes and then it'll be food, like that' say kind of explore page. It's a real insight into like personality, like what is someone into, when you see the explore page you realise what you're looking at and what you're kind of hovering around on. So, food's a big part of, sort of, of my world really. Obviously I started with fitness and then I kind of lent onto the cooking and the books but I feel like I've come sort of almost back round with the fitness. But I've always been someone that combines two, I think that it's important to love your food and enjoy cooking but also combine it with a healthy lifestyle, because that way you can be active, stay lean and healthy and have the best of both.

Ed Gamble I tend to watch like a lot of fitness or exercise videos if I'm not doing a lot of fitness and if I'm eating really healthily I'll watch a load of food videos. So it's basically, whatever I'm restricting, I'll spend about eight hours a day watching, which doesn't feel healthy.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks I like your t shirt, I like your Original Pirate material t shirt, that's cool.
James Acaster Thank you very much Joe, it's nice to get a complement on the t shirt. While you are in your Dream Restaurant, what music is playing? What would be your favourite music to have on in the restaurant?
Joe Wicks Oh, that's a good one, because I'm so diverse with my music, thank God for Spotify and the recommended radio and stuff cos I find new artists all the time which I love. I found this band in Australia called the Teskey Brothers and they're amazing, cos Ferne Cotton said it's one of her favourite bands. So I sort of listen to the Teskey Brothers and they did a collaboration with this guy called Bahamas, he's a Canadian guy, really lovely chilled music. A bit like Jack Johnson kind of vibe but just beautiful like acoustic music. So yeah I listen to that but then I love old sort of Tamala Motown, I love Marvin Gaye, Stevie Wonder, I love all that. But if I was gonna go to a restaurant, I don't like the ones where it's pumping loud, like you go to Vegas and you're sitting in a restaurant and it's like, it feels like a night club and you're like this is a bit much. But yeah, maybe some nice Motown would be nice set the set the tone.
James Acaster Yeah, we can put some Motown on
Ed Gamble Yeah just put it gently in the background, I agree, you don't want it to be too loud, you want to be able to have a conversation
Joe Wicks Yeah, definitely, and you know when it's a bit dark and a bit dingy and you're like oh, I need a little bit of light cos you've got your phone out and you're tryna eat your food and stuff. I like restaurants that are kind of, they've got atmosphere but they aren't like proper dark night, like I went to, I think it was the Hakkasan in Vegas and it was just so dark and so, it was a bit like weird, I just wanted to be in a night club. But yeah, I do miss eating out, that's one of the things I've booked so many restaurants now obviously the rules are restricting I'm like, I'm like banging the orders in getting loads of tables booked for me and my friends and my mum and dad and stuff.
Ed Gamble Give us a rundown, where have you booked?
James Acaster All the restaurants in Vegas
Joe Wicks I'm going to Sushi Samba in Covent Garden with my wife which we like
James Acaster In The Shard
Joe Wicks They do the outdoor terrace, we can eat some, eat some sushi. I'm then going to a place called Beaverbrook Hotel, which is in Leatherhead, it's outside of London but they've got an amazing like outdoor garden house restaurant where they grow the food on the allotment it's quite like farm to table style which is amazing.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble Oh nice.

Joe Wicks And I've also booked a table at Chameleon, it's actually just opened up, my friend's opening a restaurant in London in April so I'm gonna go there, it's like Turkish kind of Iranian inspired food, like mezze sort of stuff so that'll be wonderful.

James Acaster Sounds very good. How long were you in Vegas for? Before we get into the proper meal.

Joe Wicks Well I've got a place in Santa Monica so I spend, I normally spend a few months of the year out there and then if I'm there I'll like meet my friends, we'll do like two or three days and I've been there for my thirtieth and that so I've had a couple of trips there. But I love it, it's just a place to go, like I've been with my friends and we have a great time but I've also been with my wife, we spend a weekend there, we've got to pool parties and stuff, like we love it still. We enjoy the food as well, the restaurant scene is really good in Vegas actually, they've got some really nice restaurants there.

Ed Gamble I'm obsessed Joe and I, I doubt you've been there but I think about it a lot. I've never been to Las Vegas but the first place that I'd want to go is the Heart Attack Grill.

Joe Wicks I haven't been but Rosie's shown me some photos, she went there on a trip once but yeah you get like the heart attack burger and its like twenty thousand calories and apparently if you eat it you get spanked or something, or no, if you don't eat it you get spanked by someone in there. There's people going round all like dressed up in all kinky outfits. But yeah it does, mate to be honest, I love deep fried food, so I love chips, I love you know chicken nuggets not chicken nuggets but I like you know like fried buttermilk chicken burgers and arancini, all that sort of stuff, I do like fried foods but its not something I'd eat all the time. it doesn't agree with me all the time, I feel a bit rough the next day.

Ed Gamble Also at the heart attack grill there's some scales outside and you weigh yourself when you go in and I think if you're over four hundred pounds then you get your whole meal for free.

James Acaster Is that true?

Joe Wicks Oh yeah, that's pretty shocking I remember that. Yeah no that's true cos they're basically like promoting obesity which is pretty hardcore over there.

Ed Gamble It's sort of the opposite of a sort of Joe Wicks lifestyle really isn't it?

Joe Wicks Yeah, I don't know if that would work over here.

Ed Gamble If people arrive there going, oh, I've been doing Joe Wicks everyday I have to pay for my meal.

James Acaster Extra, you've got to pay extra.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble Yeah
James Acaster Also, I feel like if there's a burger where if you fail to finish it someone comes around and spanks you wearing a load of kinky gear, I think calling it The Heart Attack burger is kind of, you know, misselling it a little bit cos that's not the main thing is it, the fact you might have a heart attack if you eat it, it's the fact that if you don't eat it you're gonna get whipped.
Ed Gamble Also, there's definitely loads of people in there deliberately not finishing their burger right?
James Acaster Yeah
James Acaster So, we're gonna start your meal now with your dessert, very exciting.
Ed Gamble Are we not even doing, do you not want to do water first or are you just going straight in with dessert?
Joe Wicks I'd normally have a glass of water first
Ed Gamble There we go
Joe Wicks Let's kick things off with water and then we'll go with dessert
Ed Gamble Yeah, look, it's Joe's meal so
James Acaster Fine, still or sparkling water Joe?
Joe Wicks I'm a still water kind of guy with just a little bit of fresh lemon on the side will be nice.
Ed Gamble On the side?
Joe Wicks I like, you know like you bring it over in a little bowl and I just stick it in myself.
Ed Gamble I love it, we've never had that specification on the podcast before. Normally I think people assume that the lemon's coming in the water, but you're, you're getting the lemon on the side, I like this detail.
James Acaster Yeah

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks Well sometimes like you say, 'can I have some lemon?', and they just sort of bring it over, they do it after and they're like, 'oh, we'll bring you some over' and it's like just cut into little slices right, isn't it?

James Acaster Do you want a slice or a wedge?

Joe Wicks Either or really. Either or. Like, a bit of ice a little slice of lemon and we're good to, then we're good to crack on with the dinner.

Ed Gamble Have you found in the past that people have over lemoned your water which is why now you prefer it on the side so that you can do it yourself?

James Acaster That's a good question.

Joe Wicks No, not really, sometimes they do the old cordial trick, stick a bit of lemon cordial in it, a bit of lime cordial in it and you're sort of like, hm, I don't mind that but I would have rather a bit of fresh, fresh lime and lemon. To be honest I'm normally straight in for the gin and tonic so I, I'll have a little glass of water on the side but it's mainly a gin and tonic kind of affair isn't it, when you eat out.

Ed Gamble Well, we can do that.

James Acaster If you want a gin and tonic straight away we can do that for you.

Ed Gamble Yeah, let's chuck the water out of the window and we can get you a gin and tonic. Well I'd imagine that you're a very well hydrated man anyway so we can just tuck straight into the gin if you want.

James Acaster You wouldn't give a merman a glass of water when he's just got out of the water. He's been under there for ages.

Joe Wicks A gin and tonic would be a nice little kicker, just to liven me up a little bit, but that, that's not my main drink, I'm saving my main drink for later yeah.

Ed Gamble That's fine, you can have the gin and tonic instead of the water.

James Acaster Looks like water anyway, no one will know the difference. Speaking of slices of lemon though, you know what I think is one of the most beautiful things and not enough people appreciate how beautiful it looks, is a wedge of lemon that's been cut and then left in the fridge and I love how it then goes over time and it just looks like a perfect, like a sculpture, the way that the skin goes, the membrane over the fruit and it just, it adopts a kind of like sheen to it, it looks so immaculate and perfect.

Ed Gamble I don't know

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks What, like a rotten lemon?
Ed Gamble Yeah, thank you Joe. I mean I know me and Joe are thinking exactly the same thing when you were describing that, you're talking about an old lemon. You're talking about like, it's the same as saying I leave, oh I love to leave a bit of cheese out and wait until it gets that beautiful green colour on it.
James Acaster Well, well I don't like to leave a piece of cheese out.
Ed Gamble It's the same thing
James Acaster But like, this looks beautiful, like, you know what I'm talking about!
Ed Gamble No, it doesn't look beautiful.
James Acaster I'm not talking about a mouldy lemon
Joe Wicks A lemon, I sort of get em, I use it straight away so I haven't really observed one over a few days so I'll have a look, I'll do a test, I'll do a test with my next one.
James Acaster Not a few days! I'm not leaving them for a few days! Like maybe a while
Ed Gamble That sounds like a its going to be a very disappointing live stream for you Joe, people are tuning in expecting another workout and you're going, 'today we're gonna observe a lemon over a few days'.
Joe Wicks You've got to time lapse haven't you really, you've got to time lapse that one.
James Acaster Gin and tonic, what're your measures in there?
Joe Wicks I'm normally a two for one, a double, I like a double, I've got a little gin collection at the moment I'm obsessed with like flavoured gin so I normally, to be honest, I free pour most of my drinks but I normally have like a double shot with like one Mediteranean FeverTree Tonic. I like a bit of fruit so I put like a few raspberries or blueberries or something in it just so it's like a bit of a fruit salad at the end, I like that. And my kids come up to me always like tryna get the gin infused raspberries off me and they're only like two, I'm like, you can't have my gin infused raspberries, oh alright, have one.
Ed Gamble Have one and see how you react
James Acaster Oh that went badly, okay fine.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks Do you want to see my little gin bar?
Ed Gamble Yes please!
James Acaster Yes.
Joe Wicks So I moved into this house in July last year and the previous owners had a bar built. And I mean,I would never have a bar built in my house but I thought Im keeping that, so I've got loads of gin over there, I've got my own little gin bar, see my little gin bar,
James Acaster Ooh! That's a proper bar!
Ed Gamble That's amazing!
Joe Wicks It's a proper bar! And I haven't been able to have like any family and friends over cos we've not been able to like, obviously because of the restrictions, I can't wait to like get my friends round and have a proper, proper little party and a little gin cocktail and stuff. But yeah, it's a nice thing to have cos it's a social room but we don't really come in here cos it's now where I listen to and record my podcast, believe it or not.
Ed Gamble It's quite tricky to sit at a bar in your house by yourself, it must be quite a sort of sad, bleak feeling I'd imagine.
Joe Wicks Yeah, I do come in here and pour one. So my little daughter Indie right, she's so funny, she basically, she thinks she's having a gin and tonic, she calls it a 'ginton' and she like 'can I have a ginton daddy' and so I bring her in, I pretend to pour the gin and then I put a little bit of tonic water in a cup and I put some ice and some berries in so she really just loves the berries and the flavour of the tonic. But she's obsessed, and she said the other day, it was so funny we did some face painting, we painted our faces, and it was really early, it was only like four o'clock, and obviously I normally have my gins in the evening so we have like one a night sort of thing and she went 'oh daddy daddy can we have an early ginton', and it was the way she said it she was so excited, so we cracked up laughing and now we call it an early ginton if we have it before like five o'clock. But I've got like a pink grapefruit one, there's mango and rhubarb, but gin, I never used to touch gin I was literally like vodka and lemonade or vodka and coke and now like as I've grown up, I just love gin now, I think it's wonderful.
James Acaster Also, she's properly acting like an adult when they discover gin, just asking for it all the time and then just eventually being like, 'can we have an early one? Let's have an early one. Let's do that, come on, come on guys'.
Joe Wicks Yeah and she went to school, she went to nursery and said 'oh, me and daddy make a ginton in the bar' and then like, I said to the nurse, 'it is only a tonic she's having but she thinks it's, we keep playing it up, keep it up, telling her she's having a ginton'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble That's so funny. I had to write a story when I was a kid at school, and for some reason I chose a story when it was someone digging up treasure on an island and they kept finding, just, instead of the treasure just chests full of like empty vodka bottles and then empty gin bottles and then empty whiskey bottles. And I told my mum and she was like, 'what are you, what are you doing, they're gonna think I'm a massive alcoholic'. Like clearly everything at home was just clinking empty spirit bottles.

Joe Wicks That's standard, pirates loved the drink didn't they? They were always boozy weren't they, the pirates, it was one of their, just their, you know they used to swap alcohol for like guns and stuff didn't they

Ed Gamble Yeah, and my mum's a boozy pirate.

James Acaster Well there were no rum bottles there

Ed Gamble No!

James Acaster So, you know, already, the teacher's ruling out that. It can't be pirates, there's no rum bottles, its clearly Mrs Gamble has a problem.

James Acaster So, let's get into the meal and start with the dessert.

Joe Wicks So, this is my dream dessert and I always go back to this one because I think about it, being a kid at school and then I think about going to a pub, like on a Sunday roast, so it's a very British, classic dessert. Goes by the name of sticky toffee pudding, believe it or not, with vanilla ice cream. And the reason I love it is cos it's like, it's warm and it's got like that massive sticky toffee sauce on the top and the warm and cold combination is always something that I love. So yeah, it was a toss-up between that and chocolate fondant, but the sticky toffee pudding came through.

James Acaster Lovely stuff.

Ed Gamble I'd go with a sticky toffee pudding over that, I think, we've had people say chocolate fondant before but I think sticky toffee pudding always hit the spot, I think.

James Acaster Ohh, that sauce.

Joe Wicks It's just so, it's so, if it's done right, sometimes you get those dodgy, microwaveable ones and you know the pub's just shoved it in the microwave for thirty seconds, they're, they're shocking, but when you get a really, really big, like rectangle one with a nice softness to it, a bit of sponginess we call it. Triple, I always ask for double, like extra, I say look, I know you're gonna bring it out and it's gonna be dry after two or three spoonfuls so can you put a bit of extra toffee sauce on and that really counts cos you want it to be swimming in toffee sauce. And then you've just got to steam into it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble Yeah and you don't mind, there's always a dry bit in the middle of cake but you don't mind that because you know you're going to have extra sauce to spoon over and you need that difference in texture, oh God.
Joe Wicks You've got reserves yeah. This meal already, I'm gonna be so bloated after this meal, I'm gonna be so bloated after this meal cos like this is, it's a stodgy one, it's stodgy.
James Acaster Sure. And did you say you're having ice cream with it?
Joe Wicks Yeah, just like a standard like vanilla ice cream, nice, you know, a nice scoop of vanilla ice cream I think. I've tried to go rogue and have chocolate ice cream before with it, because I prefer chocolate ice cream, but it doesn't go as well with the toffee, I think vanilla and toffee is a good combo.
James Acaster At what age did you start pairing things properly when it came to stuff like that because when I was a kid I would have just chosen my favourite ice cream with whatever dessert I was having and it wouldn't really go but I just wanted my favourite stuff all the time. At what age do you think you started being like, do you know what, actually, yeah chocolate's my favourite but vanilla ice cream would go better with a stick toffee pudding, I'm a connoisseur now.
Joe Wicks When I was a kid my diet was terrible like I didn't eat healthy food, you know, we were on benefits we were living in a council flat, like it was always buy one get one free, like frozen meals and chocolate bars and just sandwiches, I remember eating loads of sandwiches because we didn't sit down as a family and have proper meals but as I got older, you know, I started to try new things. And I think your pallet starts to change as you get older, I remember I didn't eat any fish until I was twenty-five years old, I couldn't bare the thought of anything like fishy, that smell of fish. But now like I love sushi, I eat raw fish and sashimi. And so it's amazing how you can really outgrow those habits, I was a very fussy child but now I pretty much eat anything, like I try anything and I'm really kind of adventurous with it.
Ed Gamble Is that something that you think about with what you give your kids as well, like are you thinking about making them adventurous at this point in their lives, with the early gintons etc.
Joe Wicks Oh, one hundred percent. I mean, kids don't have to eat like children's food, they don't have to eat you know, like, beige foods that aren't really tasty and bland. Like I got Indie and Marley really soon cos I done a special children's book for weaning it's called Wean in 15, so I went on a journey I learnt from nutritionists around to kind of wean your child sensitively and I really enjoyed that because I got Indie and Marley eating things like risottos and curries and stews and putting herbs and spices which a lot of parents don't think to do. But ultimatley, the first few months they're trying new things but within about six months you can pretty much have them eating the same as you. So my boy and my little daughter Indie, we all eat together and we eat really nice food but we also, you know, have nights where we're lazy and we'll get a delivery or whatever, but most of the time we at together as a family and we eat healthy food.
James Acaster Can you remember, aged twenty-five, what the first piece of fish you had was?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks It was probably just fish and chips like

James Acaster Yeah, a gateway.

Joe Wicks Cos my mum and dad always used to get fish and chips when I was a kid, it was a standard like fish and chips, but I would always get like savaloy or like sausage, I just wouldn't go near the fish. But yeah now, you know, like I said I'll eat like black cod, I love you know yellow tail and sashimi and sushi and stuff and I just, I just wouldn't even think of it.

Ed Gamble Before we move off of fish and chips I just want to say, gonna put it out there now, I'm still a battered sausage man. I'll have proper fish and chips once a year but normally if we go to the chip shop I'm still battered sausage all of the way which I think is a throwback to when I was a fat little boy and I couldn't believe you could get away with eating a sausage which was nice already, dipping it in batter and then eating it. So I'm still, I can't move off it, I'm a battered sausage boy.

Joe Wicks Do you remember how pink it used to be, the meat, like it wasn't really meat was it, I just think what was it made of? Even like the saveloy like what was the saveloy made out of? That's even worse! But it was such a like, just a good taste, you just loved it when you was a kid.

Ed Gamble I still love it now

James Acaster And actually, the first time I had some battered fish was nice but the first time I had a battered sausage it did blow my mind. I was like, what is this, this is flavour city, so salty, oh I loved it.

Joe Wicks Did you hear about that fight the other day outside the fish and chip shop

James Acaster Here we go.

Joe Wicks Two cod got battered.

Ed Gamble There we go

James Acaster There he is. Did I tell you Ed? I dunno if I ever told you this, the fish and chip shop used to live around the back of my house

Ed Gamble I thought you were gonna do the two cods got battered joke, I thought you were gonna do Joe's joke, exactly the same as he did, and try and get yours in the edit, is what I thought you were gonna do.

James Acaster That'd be good, if, if this whole episode now was just us doing jokes about different things getting battered at the fish and chip shop.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble Go on, what were you actually going to say

James Acaster Oh, it's just, I used to live, I used to have a fish and chip shop around the back of my house so every time I was in the garden it smelt like fish and chips and I love it. That was it. You mentioned Sushi Samba earlier, this is what, I've been trying to get onto this for quite a while now cos I'm quite excited about it because Suzi Ruffell, fantastic comedian, came onto the podcast and she chose sashimi from Sushi Samba and she wanted it from the one that is in The Shard so we came up with a tongue twister, 'Suzi like sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard'.

Ed Gamble You didn't even do it right there.

Joe Wicks Christ!

James Acaster I can't seem to do it right now, I wanna see if you can say it, Joe Wicks. It's 'Suzi like sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard'.

Joe Wicks Sushi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in the, hang on, Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard.

Ed Gamble It's hard innit?

James Acaster Yeah! It is hard

Joe Wicks Nearly, say it one more time.

Ed Gamble Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard.

Joe Wicks Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard.

Ed Gamble Ohh it is good but it's pretty hard

Joe Wicks Am I missing something?

James Acaster Yeah, there's always like, Suzi likes shashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard

Ed Gamble No James, cos you're saying shashimi.

James Acaster Yeah I am, I know I'm getting it wrong.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble Yeah you are! You're absolutely Sean Connerie-ing it.

James Acaster Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard. So hard.

Joe Wicks Okay. Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Shamba in The Shard

James Acaster Shamba.

Ed Gamble Shamba, I think you said shamba. Also let's just ignore the fact that there's not a Sushi Samba in The Shard, it's in Heron Tower.

Joe Wicks Oh it is, yeah you're right.

James Acaster I mean who cares about Heron Tower. Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread Joe wicks?!! Popadoms or bread?!

Joe Wicks Naan bread, naan bread or popadom? Or do you mean any bread?

Ed Gamble Any bread, any bread.

Joe Wicks Ah, any bread. Do you know what, my kryptonite, this is honestly, if there's, if there's a good bit of sourdough in my house and there's orange marmalade, I'm like Paddington Bear, it's the one thing I cannot leave like I have two slices and then I go and play Call of Duty for a couple of hours and I come back and I have another couple of slices. Now I can eat a whole loaf of bread sometimes, in one day, seriously I love bread.

James Acaster Are you a shredless wonder or a shred head when it comes to marmalade?

Joe Wicks I'm a shred head, I'm a really, I love home-made like, you know like craft home-made marmalade so I'm into, you know, the craftier the better or the chunkier the better, you know, I love all the peel and all the different fruits they use but yeah I'm well, I've got a shelf dedicated to like marmalades. I've even got into, it was, someone said the other day like you've gotta try this it's Rose's lemon and lime marmalade. And I said, 'lemon and lime marmalade?! I've never heard of anything so silly in my life'; I ordered it, it's like crack, it's so good. It's so sweet and sugary, it's like lemon and lime like neon green, it's really good.

Ed Gamble James likes to open his lemon and lime marmalade, leave it in the fridge and just watch a sheen form on top.

James Acaster Yeah maybe I do. So what if I do? It looks beautiful. I'm not even ashamed of it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble Hey, if you, so you've got a marmalade collection and a gin collection, have you ever tried and gin marmalade cocktail cos that's a thing you can do.

Joe Wicks That's a new thing now, that, yeah, I've got gin marmalade, oh sorry, marmalade gin, they've got that, it's a new thing like, it's one of the flavours, so yeah there's a few companies up there that have sent me it. But I, it's a bit sickly I like keeping my toast and jam and marmalade separate to my gin, gin and tonic drinking.

Ed Gamble That's too early for a ginton isn't it, if you're having it with your toast and marmalade in the morning

James Acaster Paddington

Joe Wicks Well on weekends I actually had a nice ginton yesterday, because it was like nice and sunny and I had a bit of a vibe going on, I got my brother round and my nephews for the first time so we, we bust open a ginton at about eleven AM which was quite good.

Ed Gamble Not bad.

James Acaster Nice. Would you sit down with Paddington and have a ginton? Would you share a ginton with Paddington Bear?

Joe Wicks Well I actually watched the new, like updated version of Paddington the other day with Indie and I think it's pretty good, it's pretty good and it's almost like an action film almost and he's just like swinging about and doing all sorts in London.

Ed Gamble It's amazing.

Joe Wicks Pretty good film, yeah, so I really enjoyed it. So if Paddington was a real person, which he is

James Acaster Yeah

Joe Wicks And he wanted a ginton, I'd take him to, probably go down to the local pub just around the corner from Paddington station.

James Acaster Yep, he'd like it there.

Ed Gamble I don't know, if you took him back to Paddington station, I think he'd be worried that you were tryna deport him, right, because that's where, that's where he arrived, so I wouldn't, I'd maybe take him to like a Peruvian bar so he can have a sort of flavour of home but know that he's still welcome in the house.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks I had no idea he was from Peru until I watched that film. I didn't realise he was shipped over here and, came over on a boat didn't he and I just couldn't believe that he's actually from Peru. I didn't know, hang on a minute, bears don't live in Peru do they? Oh, maybe he ain't from Peru.

Ed Gamble What you think Paddington's lying?

Joe Wicks Yeah, I think it could be a ruse, yeah I think he could be from, probably from like Malasa or something?

James Acaster Yeah, we'll drill down into that, actually, maybe that's the third Paddington film. Cos, you know, there's been, the second Paddington film especially was there's a lot of the subtext, you know, was about UK immigration and stuff like that and people's attitudes towards immigration, and maybe the third film is gonna be, properly they go all in on where are you really from?

Ed Gamble And turns out he was a liar all along. It just does a sort of horrible

James Acaster A complete right-wing U turn on it.

Ed Gamble Suddenly it turns out that, yeah, there's a new Tory writer.

James Acaster Also, you were saying about, cos we were starting with dessert and now we're talking about marmalade. Have you ever had, it's one of the most delicious things I've ever had, have you ever had marmalade on toast ice cream?

Joe Wicks Hang on, you can get ice cream?

James Acaster You can get marmalade on toast flavoured ice cream. And it is so good and they do it by you know, making loads of toast, grinding it down into bread crumbs and then letting the ice cream kind of like, you know churning it and all that. So it tastes like properly, you know, just slightly burnt toast all the way through.

Joe Wicks Where do you get that? where do you find that?

James Acaster I originally found it, this is years ago, I haven't had it in so long, in the Waitrose in Shepherd's Bush, I went in there. But actually the first time I ever had it was my friend made it herself.

Ed Gamble Sorry, I really like that you're like, it's in, I don't know if you've ever heard of Waitrose, it's the one in Shepherd's Bush, as if you can't get it in any other Waitrose. It's a little boutique called Waitrose.

James Acaster I don't know if every single branch of Waitrose will have it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks Was it a limited edition? You know I have never seen that in any ice cream shop

Ed Gamble No, me neither

James Acaster It wasn't at the time a limited edition

Joe Wicks I've never seen that but it sounds amazing, it sounds really good, it sounds amazing.

James Acaster It was so good, but my friend made it, maybe I'll try and get the recipe off her cos it used to be her speciality, and if anyone ever went around her house for dinner she'd make the marmalade on toast ice cream.

Ed Gamble There's loads of recipes, I've just looked it up, there's loads of recipes for it. There's even, one on the Waitrose website so that's probably the one to go for.

James Acaster Do it Joe. So good.

Joe Wicks I've never made ice cream but I'll give it a go.

James Acaster Me and Ed made ice cream the other day, didn't we Ed?

Ed Gamble We did, we did a cook along with James' mum. It's not only you whose been doing the live streams during the pandemic Joe.

James Acaster My mum's been doing them directly to me, that's a zoom really but look

Joe Wicks So you made ice cream with your mum then? What flavour ice cream did you make?

James Acaster You know, Reece's peanut butter cups?

Joe Wicks Ooh yeah, just a bit, so we could have made our own version of that where you make everything from scratch and Ed annoyed my mum a little bit because she sent us some very simple ingredients and we were meant to get condensed milk and Ed got evaporated milk and thought that would be fine and she was beside herself.

Ed Gamble I got told off, I got properly told off for the first time in ages. My own mum hasn't told me off in about twenty years and I got absolutely coated off by Mrs Acaster.

Joe Wicks

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

I know what condensed milk is cos they, you know they stick it on all the pancakes in Thailand, but what is evaporated milk?

Ed Gamble It's like a less sweet version and yes it turns out that it doesn't work in the recipe that we were doing because I made it and then I tasted it and it just tasted like frozen cream, it wasn't sweet enough, not nice.

James Acaster Yeah, absolutely frozen solid Ed's was.

Joe Wicks Follow the ingredient list isn't it, next time.

James Acaster Yeah, there you go, lesson learnt.

Ed Gamble I don't think I'll be invited again to be honest.

James Acaster No, she hates you.

James Acaster We'll move onto your starter now, I can see your kid in the background, absolutely jonesing for a ginton.

Joe Wicks Oh yeah, Indie. She's banging on the window.

James Acaster What're you having for your starter Joe?

Joe Wicks Alright, so starter, this is two things deep so you can through them all in the same, you know, grill grilling machine, what are they called? Deep fat fryer. so it's crispy calamari and truffle arancini

Ed Gamble Oh wow

Joe Wicks Cos I love, I just love I just love crispy calamari with a nice a little garlic alioili dip, is it alioili, how'd you pronounce, how do you say that? Is it alioili?

James Acaster I think so, what is it Ed? Ed knows these things

Joe Wicks Aioli?

Ed Gamble Aioli maybe?

James Acaster Alioli is much better

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble I much prefer alioili so let's stick with that.
Joe Wicks I've always called it alioli
James Acaster To be honest I don't even care what it is actually meant to be called I've always just read it and never said it out loud but I'd, I'd rather just say alioili
Ed Gamble And obviously every time you say alioli I want to say oi oi oi afterwards
James Acaster Yep, yeah
Joe Wicks Crispy, crispy calamari with alioili
Ed Gamble Oi oi oi
Joe Wicks And and yeah, I've become acquaintant to truffle recently, I just love the flavour, some people find it a bit overpowering but I think I had it at The Ivy Brasserie in Richmond, The Ivy Brasserie in Richmond they do truffle arancini which is amazing. So it's like deep fried rice balls isn't it and I'd never had it before so I didn't know what it was, so when I bit into that little doughy, crispy like edge and got into the rice I was like, 'this is amazing, why have I never heard of it?'. So that's my new favourite and If I see it on the menu it's getting ordered.
James Acaster Straight away
Joe Wicks And you dip that in like a nice like mayo or bit of ketchup and it's, oh yeah I love it.
James Acaster How many arancini balls are you looking at?
Ed Gamble And what size do you want them?
Joe Wicks Yeah, I don't like those massive ones and sometimes you get them in Italian restaurants and they're like the size of a tennis ball with loads of tomato sauce on it. I just like little sort of, you know like a little, like a football, you know one of those little chocolate football eggs you get. Remember those little chocolate eggs like the footballs you used to peel the foil off and you'd get a little chocolate.
Ed Gamble What's great about that, it's a really confusing size measurement because you've just said you want one the size of a football but a small football.
Joe Wicks

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 22 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Okay, I was gonna say plum, but just smaller than a ping pong ball, smaller than a ping pong ball but not as big as a golf ball, just smaller than a ping pong ball, yeah.

James Acaster Yeah, just smaller than a ping pong, one size down from a ping pong ball.

Joe Wicks Exactly, yeah.

Ed Gamble It could fit inside a ping pong ball.

Joe Wicks What else is small and round that you could think of that's like, not like

James Acaster Sure

Joe Wicks Not a grape

James Acaster Er, a squash ball?

Joe Wicks It's like a.. not a.. I'm tryna think of something round, I've run out of round things. What else is round, smaller than a..

James Acaster What else is spherical? Erm

Joe Wicks What's smaller than a ping pong ball?

Ed Gamble A marble? A big marble?

Joe Wicks Okay, I've got one, like a lychee, you know like a lychee.

James Acaster Yeah

Joe Wicks It's probably about the size of a lychee, there you go, about four or five of them and I'm sweet, I'm set.

James Acaster And you've got your chips lined up, you've got your calamari. Is your calamari from anywhere in particular? We've got the arancini coming from The Ivy there.

Joe Wicks Anywhere really, like it's all the same isn't it really, but I don't like all the tentacles. I like the calamari rings but I don't like all the little, when you start to see it's actually a real octopus. You know what I mean? Well it's not an octopus, it's a calamari isn't it?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 23 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

James Acaster So you want the rings?

Joe Wicks Yeah, the rings. I stay away from the head and the arms and stuff.

James Acaster And are you, how big are the rings?

Ed Gamble Bigger than an elastic band, smaller than a belt.

James Acaster Can you pop the rings comfortably over the arancini so it looks like Saturn?

Joe Wicks Yeah, but I like the small ones, the smallish looking ones. But loads of batter, nice light and fluffy like, have that with a kind of, yeah like a garlic or sriracha or a chilli mayo or something like a little dip. You don't want to eat them bone dry, it needs, they always need something.

Ed Gamble Do you want a wedge of lemon the side for that as well? Cos at this point we should just bring you a whole lemon and a knife.

Joe Wicks Yeah, you know you need a little squeeze of lemon but that comes standard with calamari doesn't it.

James Acaster Again, you know, it looks quite nice if you just leave it in the fridge for a bit, bring it out, not rotten

Ed Gamble Joe's not on board with this mate, we're having fresh lemon, we're cutting the lemon at the table.

James Acaster Joe's on board with trying new things, you know, he didn't have fish until he was twenty-five.

Joe Wicks I still don't understand what you mean, like, what, why does it go all glaze, why does it glaze over? Like doesn't it just sweat? Doesn't the lemon just sweat?

Ed Gamble It's just old, the lemon goes old.

Joe Wicks Leave it in the fridge for like, no you leave it in the fridge for just like an hour, like an hour

Ed Gamble Yeah, you want dead lemon.

James Acaster I don't want dead lemon.

Joe Wicks

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 24 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

It dies a painful death

James Acaster Hey, come on now, I don't want a dead lemon, I just think that it goes nice and sheeny, it gets a glassy kind of finish to it. It looks nice. I don't like it when you cut a lemon and there's flesh coming out of it all shardy, I'd like it just to be nice and smooth over the top of it.

Joe Wicks I'm gonna actually have to go and see what you mean now and do this not gonna lie to you because I'm like, what is he on about? How do you feel about these two by the way?

James Acaster I love them.

Ed Gamble Oh great, you can't mess with that right?

Joe Wicks Are they quite common choices?

Ed Gamble No, I think we've had arancini before

James Acaster We've definitely had, I think calamari, I haven't been through and counted but I think would be one of our most popular starters on the podcast, I think quite a few people. I remember Tom Kerridge chose calamari as his starter. I think a few other people have.

Ed Gamble Aisling Bea maybe, you're in good company.

James Acaster It's one of those places I think, like you said that like it's pretty much if it's, you know you get it good in most places. Even bad calamari which I've had before, I'm still glad I'm eating it.

Joe Wicks Yeah, still doable isn't it? Still edible.

Ed Gamble Yeah.

James Acaster Your main course. I mean, I feel good about it.

Joe Wicks Well I hope it doesn't, I hope it doesn't bore you and you're like, 'oh, is that it?'. But this is like, wherever I, wherever I go in the world wherever I go to any restaurant, if there's a really good burger and chips on the menu I just, I'm drawn to it, I'm drawn to the beef and the bun and the chips and like, you know, is it gonna have cheese in it, is it gonna have a bit of bacon and you know all the lovely things. You can just create your own burger can't you. So I think honestly if I was gonna say what is my favourite main, it is burger and chips but I'm not talking like a greasy takeaway one it's gotta be sort of gourmet style. I'll tell you who does a good burger, ooh, I'll tell you who does a good burger. Flat Iron Steak in Soho, they do a wagyu beef burger with a béarnaise sauce and it's like, they almost deep fry the burger it's almost like crispy on the outside and you bite into it with the béarnaise sauce, it all drips down your chin and it's just a really good burger. So yeah, that's kind of

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 25 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

my dream. Is that boring?

James Acaster That's not boring at all.

Ed Gamble I think you're kind of right, I'm similar in that if I really had to narrow down my favourite foods, sort of, the genre of food, burgers, good burgers like and it doesn't matter if they're like thick gourmet ones that are a bit pink in the middle, lovely but also, really getting into those smash burgers where people really push them down onto the hot plate so that they're crispy.

Joe Wicks Get a couple like a double patty, yeah.

Ed Gamble Yeah like you can put like two or three in there, so delicious. What are you having the burger though? What are you putting in there?

Joe Wicks Well I'm quite simple really, I'm not a big fan of the whole, you know the cheeses, the blue cheeses and all the stinky bishop and that kind of stuff, I just like a standard like burger with, I do like having a bit of bacon so like a nice bit of crispy like maple cooked bacon, crispy bacon, and then a little barbecue sauce really, keep it simple. But I do think that having a, cos a steak's great but having a beef burger in the bread like, it makes, and it's the texture and the combination of the two, for me is just hands down. So I like a brioche bun, maybe a seeded brioche.

James Acaster Well, here we go. Now I'm gonna argue with you Joe. Now I'm gonna argue with you.

Joe Wicks Too soft?

James Acaster I don't like the brioche bun, I love burgers, absolutely. Brioche bun for me, even as a guy with a sweet tooth, I think weirdly, I don't like the brioche bun, I like a sesame bun or I like like a potato roll, stuff like that, but like, I can't get on board with the brioche bun.

Joe Wicks What do you think of them snazzy, when they do the old charcoal black, you get like black bread and stuff, black buns. I'm not not too keen on them ones.

Ed Gamble No, does it affect the taste. I think it looks horrible actually, I think it looks, it doesn't make me want to eat it if something is jet black. I don't think, oh I can't wait to put that in my body.

Joe Wicks I had my, this'll make you laugh. I had a pizza the other day, it was like a build your own pizza at home, and it was charcoal, it was charcoal infused sourdough and it was black, pitch black. And the next morning, what came out was exactly the same colour. I've never seen anything like it! I said to Rosie, 'have you been to the toilet today? Because the same colour pizza came out of me'. And she was like, `no I haven't'. So I don't know if I was just like dying on the inside that morning but it was black.

Ed Gamble Yeah, you don't want that. I can't imagine that's how they're advertising it either.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 26 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

James Acaster I dunno, that's kind of appealed to me more.

Ed Gamble Oh really?

James Acaster I wasn't interested at all and then I was like, 'oh, it'd be quite fun to do a charcoal black shit'.

Ed Gamble Why?

James Acaster Well you know, it's been a boring, hasn't it, for us all. It'd be nice to just to vary it up a little bit.

Ed Gamble Look, yeah, this is the man that got into the way lemons look in the fridge. I'd imagine, yeah, anything's gonna entertain you right?

James Acaster Absolutely, ah man. I look at a lemon, go and have a shit.

Joe Wicks Listen so you're not disappointed with the burger and chips then you're quite happy with that as a choice?

Ed Gamble No

Joe Wicks Because I had a burger and chips van at my wedding, we had like a burger and chips, like a burger van, we had like a pop-up sort of, we had a festival type thing with different, different food stands and stuff and I just love, I just think there's nothing more satisfying than a good burger. So yeah, that is my ultimate main, thank you very much.

James Acaster I think burger and chips I've got no problem with, brioche bun, that's where I'm like that is not my dream. But it's your dream, not mine.

Ed Gamble I don't mind a brioche but I think they've been maybe overdone. They're everywhere now, everywhere uses a brioche bun and you just think, I don't mind a more standard bun. A potato roll like James said, you find those in the states quite a lot, just a really soft but still structured enough to hold up to the juice of the burger. That's what you want, you don't want it all falling apart on you.

James Acaster Yep. I want to be able to squeeze the whole thing together there in my hands, I've got it all, and then you can really get down in the juicy meat. But would you like this wagyu burger, would that be your dream?

Joe Wicks I think, whenever I'm in London, if I'm ever knocking about like even if I'm on my own and I'm like, I'm in Soho and I'm up there for something I'll text the guy, cos I know the guy that works there, and be like, 'have you got the burger in today?' and if, cos it's not everyday they have this special

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 27 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

burger. And if it's on the menu, I'll literally go down there, I'll sit there, I just smash it on my own and get it done and then I'll just get an uber home or on the train back to mine. And I just think, I'm always for some reason just drawn to that burger. I think it's probably the béarnaise sauce, it's like a hollandaise béarnaise sauce so it's really good, it's really like thick and creamy and it kind of brings the flavour of the meat a lot.

Ed Gamble Oh man.

James Acaster That's what people overlook a lot, I think people appreciate now that, you know, the bun's gotta be good or that the burger's gotta be cooked a certain way, there are different ways you can smash it, all that kind of stuff, and then people overlook the sauce, you know, people get it rolled in cheese and what kind of cheese are you having, what kind of bacon you having, but that sauce could make all the difference, and I quite like that that's kind of, the star in your burger there, is that béarnaise sauce.

Ed Gamble I absolutely love the idea of being able to text someone who runs a restaurant and saying, 'do you have the burger on today?'. To me, Joe, that is the coolest thing any human being could ever do, I'd love to be able to do that.

Joe Wicks I can't queue jump, it's not that, I just say to him, 'have you got the burger on?'. Cos I basically, I met the owner of the restaurant last time I was there, oh sorry the manager, cos like they love it, when I put a little burger on my Instagram and I tag it then they get loads of followers and loads of people go down there so it's a nice thing to promote them. But they're only a small little chain in London.

Ed Gamble I've never been there but there's always a queue outside there cos they don't take bookings, but what I really like about them and I've seen pictures of people eating the steak and the steak knife is in the shape of like a little meat cleaver, and that's enough, that's enough to get me happy.

Joe Wicks Yeah, yeah it's a really good steak. It's called the flat iron cut which wasn't very popular, but I don't know how they cook it but it's so well cooked and they have the best peppercorn and béarnaise sauce and then you have the triple duck fat cooked chips which are like unreal as well, so it's a really good place for a good steak. Especially when you think, you can go and have like a hundred pound steak, but for some reason the fifteen pound steak at Flat Iron is still in my eyes better than any other steak.

James Acaster Are those the chips you want with your burger?

Joe Wicks I actually want, I want truffle parmesan fries believe it or not. You know when they put a bit of the old, shaving the old, they shave parmesan and then put a bit of the old truffle oil on there. Again I've gone double truffle, but that'll bit it, I'll stop at that, I won't have anymore truffle after that.

James Acaster Have you ever gone double truffle before? You gone double truff in the past?

Joe Wicks You can overdo it, yeah, like it's one of those flavours if you overdo it, you suddenly, like it really turns you off. So like sometimes I'll have like truffle parmesan fries and then you might get a bit of

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 28 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

like terikyaki chicken with truffle shavings on top or something and you go, 'I shouldn't have gone for that second truffle'. And it repeats doesn't it, the truffle repeats a few hours later doesn't it?
James Acaster Yeah, it's like pesto.
Ed Gamble Imagine when you were little Joe Wicks, the little kid that didn't eat fish and was eating sandwiches all the time and then you were told that one day you would be going double truff, you wouldn't have believed it!
Joe Wicks Oh of course, oh God no. I wouldn't have even gone near mushrooms in the past. But my brother lived in Singapore and he said that every, even in Nandos over there, they would put truffle oil on their chips. So he said, he used to love it and then one day he said, cos they use obviously like, not even proper truffle oil, it's like a synthetic truffle oil you know with maybe one percent truffle and he said they just doused it on everything, everywhere was truffle oil, it was like this super cool thing. And he said he can't go near it now, he can't go near the smell of it, he said he hates it, so there is a possibility that I could overdo the truffle one day and turn my nose up at it.
James Acaster Yeah, so you've got, we don't want it to be today.
Ed Gamble Yeah, we're not gonna go triple truff.
James Acaster We'll happily label you a truff truff, that's two.
Ed Gamble We're not gonna wheel out the truff trough.
James Acaster No
James Acaster So, your side dish.
Joe Wicks Side dish I think, is an important part of the equation. Because I don't like going to a restaurant where you sort of have one choice and that's it, you're stuck with it. I like going to like family style restaurants so like your sort of like Sushi Sambas and your Nobus and Zuma, you've got like different options haven't you, you can like, the Asian fusion cuisine. So I really wanna bring in a bit of sushi at this point, so hopefully you've got that on the menu. But I love spicy tuna sushi and yellowtail sushi with the crispy onions on top. I don't like all the egg, you know they put all the egg roe and all the kind of little weird little eggs on top, I flick them off, I'm not having them. But crispy onion, I'm having the crispy onions and I'm putting a bit of extra on top. So then you got proper wasabi, a good bit of soy sauce, and I double dip my sushi, I do both sides, so I coat one side, saturate it on the left, then I switch it over and I saturate it so the soy sauce goes, sucks it right up and then that's it, I'm banging it.
James Acaster Man, I'm really on the same page as you when it comes to sushi, definitely. I love spicy tuna, I love the crispy onions on it, I don't like the roe, I'll flick that off myself as well.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 29 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble I love the roe.
James Acaster Yeah, I'll flick it off into Ed's mouth.
Joe Wicks I like flick it off across the restaurant, did you, do you flick it across the restaurant you just like flick and see how far you can get it?
James Acaster Normally Ed's sitting opposite me, he just opens his mouth and I just flick it all into there.
Ed Gamble I love it, the bigger the, tobiko, tobiko gunk and it's my favourite sort of sushi, the huge eggs and then you put them in your mouth and then you push your tongue up so you pop it on the roof of your mouth and all the lovely stuff inside starts flooding out.
Joe Wicks What is it? what's, what is it like what is inside that little bubble?
Ed Gamble It's just sort of like, like salty seawater stuff. It's just like fat caviar isn't it? It's delicious.
James Acaster How big are these eggs, arancini size?
Ed Gamble Yeah, they're sort of, smaller than a gold ball, they're sort of small chocolate football size.
James Acaster Ah good, great, say no more.
Joe Wicks Cadbury's cream egg, are they like Cadbury cream eggs, no Cadbury mini eggs size.
Ed Gamble Yeah, that sort of size, but you can pop, you can pop them on the roof of your mouth. I absolutely love them.
Joe Wicks And the last thing as well, sushi wise, is the, you know you do like the prawn tempura within the sushi, wrapped up like.
James Acaster Yes!
Joe Wicks Yeah that's good. I'll tell you who does a good bit of sushi, I went to, you know Salt Bay, Nusr-Et, I went to Nusr-Et when I was in Turkey, and Nusr-et Salt Bay does a meat sushi so like, it's rice with a little thin layer of steak, so like really think wagyu steak and then he puts like this sort of, it's almost like a garlic butter and then they put these thin little shards of potato on top, really thin like crispy potato, he comes over blow torch and blow torches it in front over you. And that is one of the most incredible tastes cos you get like the rice, and the hot potato crisps and you get the meat. It

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 30 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

really is one of the best, like ever mouthfuls of food I've ever had, but he only does it obviously in his restaurants which are like few and far between.
Ed Gamble So he comes out from the kitchen?
Joe Wicks He came out just by chance, I was at this hotel in Turkey and he was there that night. Came out with the glasses on the white t shirt, he's got his sun, it's pitch black and he's got his sunglasses on and he was, you know, a nice character but definitely a little bit odd and he sparked up the, he sparked up the old gas torch and blasted it in front of us to sort of cook the meat a little bit and then he sticks it in his mouth doesn't he? He does all that.
Ed Gamble He sticks it in your mouth for you?
Joe Wicks Yeah, big time.
Ed Gamble Oh, Salt Bay. I imagine him, you know he does the salt like that so sort of almost goes down his arm, I imagine him with a blow torch doing that and just like scorching all his hair off.
Joe Wicks He's hard as nails mate, he's hard as, I reckon he could take that easy, he's hard as nails.
James Acaster Man, you saying the prawn tempura within the sushi has made me really want to. At Sticks and Sushi they do, I can't, I don't know what the particular one is called, it's got the word devil in it, but it's prawn tempura and the actual tempura part of it is just so perfectly crispy and just like got bubbles in it, like that bubbly kind of tempura texture. And then there's the, they've got, on the outside of the sushi is tuna and then like on top is like this sauce, I think there's even like a little bit of avocado on the top. Everything about it is perfect and I could eat it forever and I really, I really want it.
Joe Wicks That's a good mouthful of food yeah the textures and flavours in sushi. But bearing in mind, my sushi experience was like M&S meal deal or like BP or like, you know, it was just supermarket sushi in a little plastic box so when I first went to like Nobu in Malibu or Zuma in London I was like, 'oh my God, this is what sushi should taste like'. And it's a real craft isn't it when you watch them cutting the fish and the quality of the food and ingredients, there's a, it's a whole new world. That's why, when I come out of lockdown and get to go to a restaurant like the first thing I want to do is go and eat sushi because it's something I can never make as good as the chefs can. And they've spent years obviously doing it.
James Acaster You know, right, earlier on I was thinking something, I was thinking of someone that you look like, right, you tilted your head a certain way and I was like, 'I never realised Joe Wicks looks like that person'. And I didn't say it cos I thought he might get it all the time, and then because we're talking about sushi I think this is relevant. So here we go, I think, from an angle, you look a bit like David Tennant, from an angle, just a little bit like David Tennant.
Joe Wicks David Tennant? Is he the Doctor Who guy?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 31 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster I saw David Tennant once on Room 101 try and put sushi into Room 101 and the way that, his argument for it it was really full on, like all the things he doesn't like about sushi, he doesn't trust it, he thinks it's disgusting eating raw fish and all that and like now in my mind, you and Tennant are like twins but like he's the evil twin.
Joe Wicks I've never had that. I was in India once and this woman was like, 'you really remind me of like Richard, Richard Hammond'. And I was like, 'what the little fella off of Top Gear?', and she was like, 'yeah', I was like, 'alright thanks'. But yeah, no, people have said I look like John Snow and you know, that old Poldark geezer, I've never had anyone say like David Tennant.
James Acaster Well, with your hair tied up like you've got today, it's you know, if your hair was like we're used to seeing it I wouldn't have thought the Tennant thing, but now I'm thinking you Tennant, Richard Hammond have a sitcom, you're all brothers.
Ed Gamble I feel like, since the Richard Hammond moment, any look alike for you is not insulting right?
James Acaster Yeah yeah, it's gotta be.
Ed Gamble So like, David Tennant, you'll take that, especially after you've been told you look like that Hamster?
Joe Wicks Yeah, I like Richard Hammond but I never, you know, I didn't think I look like him but yeah, fair play to him.
James Acaster Yeah yeah, fair play to him for looking like that but yeah
James Acaster We've come onto your drink now
Ed Gamble Which is of course the final course.
James Acaster the final course of this episode
Joe Wicks Oh yeah! We've jumped the gun haven't we. Well I hope you like fruity drinks cos I really love fruity cocktails and stuff. I'm not just someone who likes something on the rocks or just like a whiskey or something, I like something fruity so I like tall drinks with loads of ice. If I was on holiday it would be a, oh what's the creamy drink with all the coconut in again?
James Acaster A piña colada!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 32 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Ed Gamble Piña colada

Joe Wicks A piña colada, yeah. A piña colada, little umbrella like cherry on top, that would be like my favourite like summer holiday drink. But if I was in London in a restaurant I would probably go passionfruit mojito, believe it or not.

James Acaster I don't know why I was so trepidatious at the start of this episode. Joe Wicks is my dream guy.

Ed Gamble Yeah, you were so worried, he's basically picked what you would pick.

James Acaster Pina coladas, I love pina coladas Joe Wicks.

Joe Wicks Yeah on holiday I hit them up but it's like drinking a can of condensed milk, they're really thick like you gotta get coconut and pineapple juice.

Ed Gamble I prefer them with evaporated milk.

Joe Wicks Yeah, use evaporated milk or you can use powdered milk but either way, it's all about that level of cream and I just love them, but yeah it's like having a breakfast lunch and dinner, it's probably, God knows how many calories are in them.

James Acaster I got drunk on them for Drunk History, have you heard of that show, Drunk History, where comedians get drunk and then have to retell a story from history and have to act out what the drunk version was. Me and Ed have both done that show, and when I went on it I just thought, I'm just gonna drink a load of piña coladas, that'll be funny, they took me to a Wetherspoons, just jug after jug of pina colada, I didn't feel any effects of it and then we walked to the studio and I was like, 'oh, this is the most drunk I've ever been in my life' and now I have to remember some history story I don't really know very well.

Ed Gamble I had eleven double gintons.

Joe Wicks Good lad. I had a few drinks. I done celebrity Juice and I was so nervous I just didn't, I felt really out of my comfort zone like it's just not what I do and so I went on there and I thought I'm gonna have a few drinks and I was drinking in the changing rooms getting ready and all that in the little back room and then I, then I got out and was just like, 'oh, I'm gone', and I just, yeah. Cos they keep bringing you gin and tonics, like big ones, like topping up and yeah, I was well well boozy mate. But with that sort of show you've gotta be drunk because they make you do the silliest things.

Ed Gamble Yeah I think you have to be. My fiancé was a runner on that show years ago and they make all the runners test the games and I got a call from her at lunch time once and I was like, 'you alright?', she was like, 'yeah yeah, a bit of a rough morning', I was like, 'what, what's happened', and she was like, 'yeah they played a game where they made me put onion bhajis down my trousers and then they all threw popadoms at me'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 33 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

James Acaster I was in charge that day. It was a choice between that game or another one with bread. That was it, my two options. When we put croutons down their pants and throw baguettes at them, that was the other one.
Ed Gamble How do you feel that we made Joe do his dessert first James? Cos I know that you love dessert and so if anything that's your big closer normally, but now we've, we've ended on the drink.
James Acaster No no, cos normally, sometimes we get to dessert and there's not much time to really delve into it, and it was just so nice to hear. Also you know, like I said, I was gonna be tense otherwise, I was gonna be tense.
Ed Gamble There was no need to be though, was there?
James Acaster No need to be. But we're ending on a lovely pudding anyway. We're ending on this sweet passionfruit mojito. That's lovely and sweet. Also like, again, these are the cocktails I like, mojitos and piña coladas.
Joe Wicks You know daquiris, or like frozen daiquiries where they put like all the berries and they sort of blend it up, I like that, I just like, I don't like drinks, you know when you get a cocktail and it comes it one of them little like gimlet glasses, I want all the ice, I want it to be tall, loads of stuff hanging out of it. Like shards of like cucumber and like passion fruits and a whole grapefruit do you know what I mean? I wanna have bits I can pull out of it so for me like daiquiries and mojitos are really, are really good for that. And they're fresh.
Ed Gamble Have you thought about this Joe. Doing a like late night workout but you've have a couple of gintons and a couple of passionfruit mojitos and you just do like a pissed workout?
Joe Wicks I mean I, you know I farted live on, do you know about the fart?
Ed Gamble Yep.
James Acaster I actually didn't know about that.
Joe Wicks So I broke wind just before I went live on a Youtube video and that was me sober. If I've had a drink and I've had, I've steamed through a few gin and tonics and I've had a little curry and a biryani and I've had a balti or something it's all gonna go downhill innit? I can't risk, I couldn't be safe to say like me doing a squat or a burpee or crunching with that kind of stuff going around your tummy is gonna be conducive to a live workout.
Ed Gamble I think it's a gap in the market though like I think people would watch that, like not do the workout themselves they'd just put their feet up and watch that, like, you know.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 34 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Joe Wicks It could be quite funny yeah, I mean

Ed Gamble Yeah like a sitcom.

Joe Wicks I've got a rule really, when I'm out with my friends like I just don't do social media when I'm drunk. Cos you know everyone, well I do, and I think I'm really funny and I think I'm really cool and I do things and I just know that when I've got my phone on me I just deactivate and I don't get on there cos I don't want to be this plonker that wakes up the next morning going what an idiot, what a plonker what have I done that for? So I leave it, I leave it, I leave the social media stuff until I'm awake and alive the next morning.

Ed Gamble Well I'll film it then, I'll film it on mine.

James Acaster Yeah, Ed will film it, well Ed why don't you start doing drunken workouts.

Ed Gamble I could do actually, take Wicks on at his own game. I can do drunken workouts.

Joe Wicks I'm already clumsy enough I already fall over and I try and do the splits and I, I head butt the ceiling and I'm just not that coordinated so for me to do it drunk, I mean it would just be terrible. But the silly billy would be good cos I, when I have the music playing and I'm in that moment I just lost so I think, if I had a few drinks I would proper like go for like break-dancing and back flips and all that sort of stuff. Hang on, have any of you two ever done one of my workouts at all during lockdown or anything?

James Acaster Nope.

Ed Gamble No, I've I've seen them. I've never made the actual step to then actually workout.

James Acaster I have, I have been exercising Joe though don't worry I have been doing it. I've been trying yoga for the first time in my life and doing that and then hula hooping as well.

Joe Wicks You sound like David Brent there, he's like, 'I just started yoga'.

James Acaster Yeah. Also I was gonna say last year I farted in front of an entire tv crew, just to make you feel better

Joe Wicks Crew, that's like, that's not live is it?

James Acaster No but I was, I was very nervous it was my first, it was my first like, it was a very small part in a film, the first thing I've ever done like that I was very I was like, 'oh this is great'. And then the first thing that we had to do, we had to crouch down and the scene started with us jumping the air and landing

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 35 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

on our feet in front of everybody and, and there's three of us. And we're all there crouched down, three comics, and they should 'action!', and we jumped up and we landed and then I did a really big loud fart straight away. And because they didn't should 'cut!' they just carried, we had to carry on doing the scene while I was there going, 'oh no, all those people heard that, there's a guy there with earphones and a microphone, he definitely heard it'.

Ed Gamble Yeah.

Joe Wicks Oh it's a great way just to break the ice and just to break, well break wind and settle into it. I think that, I thought that probably made everybody laugh though didn't it, let's be honest.

James Acaster Yeah, I wish they'd laughed in front of me though cos that let me know that definitely the laughter was happening elsewhere.

Ed Gamble Oh yeah, one hundred percent. And that'll be the tape they use as well, it'll be only everything else will be cut form the film and it'll just be, no lines and just your scared eyes and you've clearly just farted.

James Acaster Oh no!

Ed Gamble So we'll all look forward to that.

James Acaster Yeah, well, it's gonna be great. I'll be fine if that's the only thing that makes it in actually.

Ed Gamble Joe I think that's a great menu, absolutely love that menu.

James Acaster I think it's great. I'm gonna read it back to you Joe and you tell us how you feel about it.

Joe Wicks Yep

James Acaster Still or sparkling water, you want a ginton, an early ginton at that. Fevertree tonic, a few raspberries and blueberries in there. Dessert, sticky toffee pudding with extra toffee sauce and vanilla ice cream. Popadoms or bread, sourdough bread with orange marmalade, yes please. Starter, crispy calamari and a truffle arancini with allioili.

Ed Gamble Can we get the sizes on those please James?

James Acaster Yep, truffle arancini is so that it can fit within a golf ball. And crispy calamari so that it can fit around the arancini.

Ed Gamble Yes

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 36 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

James Acaster Main course, gourmet wagyu beef burger from Flat Iron with steak and truffle parmesan fries. You would like the maple cooked crispy bacon and barbecue sauce on a brioche bun with that burger. Side dish, spicy tuna sushi, yellowtail and prawn tempura with crispy onions, wasabi and soy sauce. Drink, so this is to finish, a passionfruit mojito. I tell you what, I do not know what I was worried about. Every single bit of that I would gobble up and be absolutely delighted.

Ed Gamble Yep

James Acaster Including, and this is rare, just the popadoms or bread course, usually you know I like popadoms I like bread but actually I really want some bread and marmalade now, and I've got some marmalade.

Ed Gamble You're a shred head right?

James Acaster I'm a shred head, Joe's a shred head, Ed's a shredless wonder.

Joe Wicks So what did you think, like what were you imagining? Were you like oh this guy's gonna be boring and have like quinoa, rice, salad and a just be like boring.

Ed Gamble No, not necessarily that but like in the past, in the past we've had so Joel Dommett who is probably the healthiest friend of ours, he picked protein shake

James Acaster Physically

Ed Gamble Yeah physically, mentally he's a mess. He picked a protein shake for his drink.

Joe Wicks Really? I met Joel at Soccer Aid.

Ed Gamble Yeah, he's a lovely boy

James Acaster You missed your opportunity to punch him.

Joe Wicks I'll get him next time. He chose a protein shake as his favourite drink?

Ed Gamble Yes.

Joe Wicks Ah come on! You get the, you're getting the protein from all the other stuff, don't waste it on a protein shake.

James Acaster

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 37 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

Exactly. Joel probably thought you'd be the first person to be in his corner. Absolutely not, yet another person who hates him.
Ed Gamble But interestingly last time I saw Joel and I went out for a meal with him, he had a passionfruit martini as his drink so he's going up in the world.
Joe Wicks What I love about this menu is when I look at it I know, I know that I've married the right woman, because that's exactly like Rosie's dream menu too, like we go out together we would share everything we just literally go halves. So if we do like burger she'll do chicken burger I'll do beef burger but all of those sides and them drinks and them stuff she'd be all over that like a rash.
Ed Gamble That sounds like a nightmare to me Joe, I'll be honest.
Joe Wicks Oh you don't like sharing your dinner?
James Acaster Ed doesn't like that.
Ed Gamble I deliberately pick things that my fiancé doesn't like so I can eat all of it and then really hope that she's too full to eat all of hers as well so I can polish off hers.
Joe Wicks That works too, yeah.
James Acaster It kind of works, it's a very sad life that Ed's got but you know, fair enough. Each to their own. Thank you Joe.
Ed Gamble Thank you very much for coming into The Dream Restaurant, Joe Wicks.
Joe Wicks It's been lovely and I, I hope that one day I get to meet you in person and we can actually have this meal because that would be a good, a good old dinner wouldn't it, good old meal out
Ed Gamble Yes!
James Acaster Let's go to The Flat Iron together, you text ahead we'll all go down and get a burger each.
Joe Wicks Perfect.
Ed Gamble And then we can do a workout.
Ed Gamble Well there we are. Thank you very much to Joe wicks for coming in, sorry we fried you so bad.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 38 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks
James Acaster Thank you Joe, I hope you didn't mind that frying that Ed delivered there, all the way through. Delicious menu.
Ed Gamble I'd be very happy with that menu thank you.
James Acaster Yes please, if that, if that kind of stuff's in Joe Wicks' Family Food, let me tell ya, I'm eating with my family again, and speaking to them again.
Ed Gamble James, he didn't seem fully on board with my idea of doing a sort of drunk late night workout so would you be up for doing that with me, I feel like there's a real gap in the market.
James Acaster Sure Ed, as I said, I did Drunk History, it can't be any different, I'll sink a few piña coladas and then let out a few guffs and do some workouts with you.
Ed Gamble Be sick everywhere during a plank.
James Acaster Oh that'd be great, that really motivates you to keep the plank going because if you go down you're gonna end up in all the sick. So you stay there for longer.
Ed Gamble Don't forget Joe's book, Joe's Family Food, is coming out tomorrow, on the tenth of June. It's food for the family, go and buy it, whether you've got a family or not I guess, I guess it's just great food.
James Acaster Ed, am I right in thinking this is the last episode of the series?
Ed Gamble You are correct in thinking that. What a lovely time we've had on series five, we'll of course be back with another series but I'd just like to thank all of the guests who we've had and all of you great listeners. I'd like to thank The Great Benito, I'd like to thank No Context Off Menu but most of all, James, of course, I'd like to thank Bleasdale.
James Acaster Bleasdale. Thank you little boy. What a great series this has been and do you know what, we've already recorded a load for the new series and it is looking like a fry fest.
Ed Gamble It's piping hot! Thank you very much for listening, we will see you again soon. Good bye!
James Acaster Good bye!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 39 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 107: Joe Wicks

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 40 -

