Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd

Off Menu ­ Ep108 ­ Dan Aykroyd
Ed Gamble Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, picking up the donut of chat and licking off the sugar of humour from your dirty little fingers. Hello James Acaster.
James Acaster Hello Ed Gamble! How are you today?
Ed Gamble Very well thank you James Acaster. Bit of a bonus ep, a B ep today.
James Acaster And you know what that means? No one can complain about it. It's a bonus!
Ed Gamble I think that's the rules isn't it? If it's a bonus ep. I mean really and I'll say this now, no one can complain about it anyway because it's a free podcast but especially today, as it's a bonus, if you're expecting certain things from it, you might not get them and that's fine.
James Acaster And do you know what, anything that you've expected that you didn't get, we expected too and we didn't get them! And we were doing the podcast. So
Ed Gamble And we were doing it!
James Acaster So that doesn't matter! Don't make it all about you. It's, you know, and sometimes, not getting what you expect is actually quite a lot of fun. If you just decide to go with it anyway, you just sit back and relax and you go, oh, I expected this to be a guest coming into the Dream Restaurant and saying what their favourite ever starter, main course, desert, side dish and drink are. That's what every single episode of the Off Menu podcast is, and listen it's not, it's not not that.
Ed Gamble It's not not that so keep that in mind. That's the bare minimum that we promise, someone doing their dream meal, we have a special guest come in and they describe their dream meal. And our special guest today in this bonus episode is Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster Dan Aykroyd.
Ed Gamble Dan Aykroyd. Ghost buster. Blues brother. Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster Yeah. My Girl. Driving Miss Daisy. He's been in all sorts of stuff.
Ed Gamble Ghost, Ghost Bust, Ghost Busters.
James Acaster Look his legacy is completely, that is secured. And also, not only that he also has a vodka.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd

Ed Gamble I don't know if he'll bring it up, so let's plug it now.

James Acaster Yes. Crystal Head vodka, they've just released a Crystal Head for Pride, in a rainbow Crystal Head bottle, looks wonderful. And, you know, we wanted to talk to Dan Aykroyd about food because of Crystal Head and look we've already recorded the episode, we know what happens. And we're, I'm looking forward to you hearing it. You know, every now and then we release an episode and I think not only would I like to be in the room when people I know are listening to it, I would like to be in the room when everyone listens to this episode. I would like to see everyone's reactions to it. And I hope you enjoy it as much as we, we genuinely enjoyed this. We had a brilliant time.

Ed Gamble We had a great time. The thing is there was no way I wasn't gonna enjoy this, it's actual Dan Aykroyd, we were so buzzed to speak to him, he really knows his food, he obviously knows his vodka. The other thing I will say at the top of this is that this was not a paid branding opportunity from his vodka company.

James Acaster It is very important that people know that.

Ed Gamble Hashtag not an ad. Hashtag just a chat. But we often have people on promo-ing their wares, actors, comedians, that sort of stuff. And at the beginning we have to force a plug in because they really don't want to talk about what they're doing, they just want to chat about, just do the podcast. We didn't have to do that with Dan.

James Acaster This is not a sponsored episode.

Ed Gamble No.

James Acaster We haven't received any money from Crystal Head.

Ed Gamble Not spon. And also, all this chat now, I really liked him and it was really fun. So I hope you enjoy it but it's not necessarily the traditional back and forth interview format that you're used to on Off Menu.

James Acaster All we're doing is trying to impress upon you that it isn't what you're used to and that this isn't a branded episode. We loved it, we had a great time

Ed Gamble Yes. I think he had a good time.

James Acaster I hope so! Dan if you're listening, I hope you had a great time. I hope that you enjoyed it as much as we did.

Ed Gamble Enjoy it. Treat it for what it is, a bonus episode with a genuine bona fide legend.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd

James Acaster Secret ingredient?

Ed Gamble Oh, ectoplasm.

James Acaster It's ectoplasm.

Ed Gamble Yeah. Ghost Busters.

James Acaster Note the date and time. Note where you were when you heard this episode.

Ed Gamble Strap in, because the menu's coming at you thick and fast. It's the Off Menu menu of

Ed Gamble and James Acaster Dan Aykroyd.

Ed Gamble Welcome Dan Aykroyd to the Dream Restaurant.

Dan Aykroyd Hello Ed, hello James.

Ed Gamble Wow.

James Acaster Welcome Dan Aykroyd to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.

Dan Aykroyd The Dream Restaurant would be, let's think of it as Canada, my home in the summer because we we have a log cabin there and I run luggage from the station and back, I'm a luggage mule all summer. It's as if it's a resort or a hotel. So we've had some really great chefs in their: David Adjey out of Toronto, Ben deForest out of Martha's Vineyard, and they have served up incomparable feasts and so I've prepared the the evening. I'll tell you about the evening and the meal that we would have at the Dream Restaurant, let's call it Lune Lodge.

Ed Gamble Lune Lodge. Dan, I think this is the first time I think, we've done maybe one hundred and seven episodes of this, this is the first time someone's come straight in with a name for their Dream Restaurant.

James Acaster Yes.

Dan Aykroyd Well it would be my home, you see my Dream Restaurant would be my home. Of course, I love Ken `N' Becks down there, where Ben deForest works in Martha's Vineyard and there's so many restaurants, a new one opening up, Vela here in Toronto. The Johnny Goodman's place, not John Goodman the actor but the entrepreneur John Goodman, Johnny Goldman I mean. So you know

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd

that connection with fine chefs and purveyors of great food over the years has served me well and I have thrown many a party. So the Dream Restaurant would be Bear's Head cabin, Lune Lodge, the Bear's Head Lounge and then moving onto the formal dining, the outdoor dining porch.

Ed Gamble We're talking outdoors are we Dan?

Dan Aykroyd Yes, it's screened in, yes.

Ed Gamble Take us through the scene in front of you.

Dan Aykroyd Okay, so the scene would be we're talking probably serving about twenty good friends and we would be, I would be sending the 1932, V12, Pierce Arrow 1604 limousine for, to pick them up. They would pull up to the cabin, they would be greeted with my bar staff serving a Bar Car martini, that's the Crystal Head, two and a half ounces of it. Shaken in a, with ice chips and into a tumbler glass with ice, with a rind of lemon or pearl onion or olive. Along with that would be a setting of pecorino or stilton, with red pepper jelly.

Ed Gamble Can I just say that this is the, normally we have to tease these things out of people and you are so ready to get into the food. Normally we maybe ask some general questions about, you know, whether you've been a foodie for a long time, did you always love food, did you grow up with food around you.

Dan Aykroyd Oh we can sure, well I think, I think if we go through the dream meal you'll see and you can stop me anytime.

Ed Gamble Okay.

Dan Aykroyd Or, or you know ask me once we've gone through. But they'd arrive in the V12, they'd have a Bar Car martini served for them very clean vodka that we serve, of course, no added, Crystal Head is a no additive product. And the pecorino and stilton with red pepper jelly, cards, table water, crackers, olives, little cocktail pickles and maybe some pearl onions again. So then we would move into the screened-in porch which overlooks the the cliff on the lake that the old family farm is on there and we would move onto a pappardelle pesto as a sort of a, also a secondary appetiser. I love a good pesto, I search the world for pesto. And pappardelle noodles, for me the best noodles to use with pesto. Now I don't cook at all, I can barely take a piece of toast and put it on a coat hanger and get it to brown. I don't cook at all, so, but I do appreciate good food and the skill of some of the people we've had working at the farm over the years is quite outstanding. So we'd have the Bar Car martini, the pecorino stilton red pepper jelly with the cards, table water, crackers, olives, pickles and onions, we'll move onto the pappardelle pesto. And in the summer there's nothing in Canada like a mixed grill. So that would be baby lamb chops with mint jelly. A t-bone steak with, en jus, and fresh grated horseradish. Lemon half chicken with skin off and that would be on a fairly nice big gas or charcoal broiler. And then to accompany that of course Yorkshire pudding with gravy and peas. Brussel sprouts with a maple glaze, you know we have Canadian maple syrup here, the best in the world, and then we move onto garlic mash and rosemary roasted potatoes in there as part of the cooking and that would all be served together. So I'm not eating fish these days because, you know, I think they're disappearing fast, so it would be chicken, lamb chops, t-bone and then after that we would have a chopped Caesar salad, not cheesy, more lemony than cheesy you know, chopped up.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
And all along the way of course we'd be serving the finest Chateau Margaux, red for red and the Paul Myer white, it's a great vineyard there in California, lovely Chardonnay that they make. Very kind of vicious and oaky, really neat. To drink with food. So, and by the way I'm not paying for this meal, I would get someone else, I'd figure a promotion to get the company in Toronto to pay for it.
Ed Gamble Look this is, Dan this is your dream meal you don't have to pay for it you know, we've got, James is our genie waiter he can magic anything up he likes, so you know this is all on us.
Dan Aykroyd Ah right, good. The Caesar salad and then the Margot and the Paul Myers served along the way. For dessert we would have an espresso martini with the Crystal Head again, no additives to make an award winning drink. We just won another award with our Onyx bottle, right here. Toy soldiers. This is our onyx, this is our Blue Weber Agave vodka this is a counter finished bottle, Blue Weber Agave Port is what they make tequila out of , we do a vodka distillation and filtration treatment on it. And so we'd have that in an espresso martini and that would be accompanied by dessert of a mocha dacquoise, lemon squares, a black velvet cake, a black forest cake and then to those who want and Arturo Fuente cigar with a Chateau d'Yquem, a beautiful saurterne right, or a brandy, or a whiskey mission, a Signal Hill whiskey out of Canada is a lovely brand. A nice whiskey, a brandy, you know something as a digestif. And then in Canada where it's legal I would offer a two gram Chenobyl pre-roll, sativa blunt with Blue Rhino bud and blue crush kief for those who would want that. And then jugs of warm lemon water, as everyone gets up from the porch. Lots of lemon water jugs and then, the evening's not over because then we go to the fire. Because it's Canada we have a massive fire there, big bonfire and we will do a plain donuts. Just plain donuts but rolled in butter and then grilled. With coffee and then patrón XO, the beautiful beverage out of patrón XO for all night dancing, all night partying, this is obviously a dream meal to be accompanied with a party that goes to four, five, to dawn really. This is the kind of entertainment we used to do at the, at Lune Lodge. And so when you told me to come up with my dream meal, it wasn't hard, I've had it there and I wanted to share it with the world, for you. And we'd have music, the music we would have would be you know, Sam Moore, jamming by the fire with Keith and Ronnie.
James Acaster Yeah.
Ed Gamble Dan, I mean wow. There's a lot to talk about there. Especially, I mean actually do bare in mind that our producer, it's his job during these to write down everything our guest has ordered so that James can read their order back to them later and I'd imagine his hand's fallen off. Because there is so much in there. But it sounds absolutely incredible.
James Acaster Well I've got a few questions. Cos you've talked about the hay days of Lune Lodge and I was wondering, your twenty guests who you've got for this are there a particular twenty guests you have in mind, who are the kind of people you'd love to come along.
Dan Aykroyd Absolutely. Bill Murray, Paul Schaefer, Chevvy, Chaise, Lorraine Newman, Jane Curtin, my colleagues from SNL, Lauren Michaels and his family and then just local friends and then my my family which is, you know, can run from seven to twelve at any given time.
James Acaster Have they been to, all these people have been to your Lune Lodge parties in the past?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Dan Aykroyd Yes they have. They have been and have have enjoyed, have enjoyed it. They would love this meal. I know my friends well, you know. And there's no duck in here, no fish or anything but it's a pretty basic green meal. The t-bone's, you know you do them right on the grill, you cross sear them and then there's an au jus that comes with them that you gather. And not too thick of a t-bone now, about a half inch, not a big thick. Don't compress me there, about a half inch because it's so much easier to manipulate and it's moist and very tasty and the way they do beef up here, around Canada is pretty impressive. If you're a meat-eater.
Ed Gamble I'm imagining being a local friend invited to this party and then walking through this door and seeing who else is at this party and being absolutely terrified and turning around.
Dan Aykroyd Well I don't know, my most of my friends here have met my well-known group from show-business, the well-known group of friends and you know the people that I that I live with up here and that are around are pretty basic, nothing nothing impresses somebody form the country up here too much other than, you know a good rainfall, a good hay crop, a fine drink around the fire. You know we take people as they come, the qualification for friendship in my mind is a good heart and not so much fame or accomplishment but a good heart and spirit so those are the only people that walk through my doors.
James Acaster So you've talked about wanting the t-bone, so let's delve into that a bit more. I'd like to know when you realised that was your favourite kind of steak, that was the cut for you. We've had people on this podcast before Dan, once we had a guest on this podcast and they chose a steak for their main and they chose a well-done rump steak and it upset us.
Dan Aykroyd Grrrr, charge up the chain saw, whoa boy. Well the t-bone because of the bone, the bone the bone the bone, they just, if it's cooked right, the flavour comes out of that bone, you get an au jus out of it and you know the tenderloin, the tender part of it there that you cut away easily is just, it morselises as if it were chocolate. And then at the other side of it, if the longer side of it is done right it's very easy to to cut and dissolves in the mouth beautifully in a medium/ well-cooked temperature. Yeah so love the t-bone, I fell in love at the farm, before Lune Lodge was built we just had a couple of shacks there by the lake, we used to throw those t-bones on the grill, we had a real grocer. He would just, you'd come in and you'd walk in the back and you'd select the slab from where you'd want them, you know. It would cut right off and they'd be right from the yard to the butcher to the table you know, in a half day. And then, you know, we'd have these long harvest dinners where we'd have a table for thirty people with picnic tables all lined up. And it was the t-bones then and nothing as elaborate as what I've gone through here but all with peas and good garlic mashed potato, lots of garlic. You know, I'll just, as a snack, I'll take a pan and then I'll take some garlic buds, I'll peel them and I'll put them in there with a little oil and I'll do them up like nuts and just just eat them.
James Acaster Ah delicious.
Dan Aykroyd Yeah they're delicious and great for the blood and a healing, very very healing plant.
Ed Gamble How often do you do that? How often do you get some garlic cloves and cook them up as a snack?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Dan Aykroyd I haven't done it in a while, I really should, I did it, well I threw a lot of garlic into a pasta the other day that my friend was making so I chopped some up then but I need the little pan, I've got to get that little pan for for doing the garlic. Now Ben deForest's restaurant, Ken `N' Becks is a world renowned restaurant because people go to the vineyard as a tourist destination from all over the planet and Ben does the beautiful garlic buds in the little pan there and his specialty is pan cooking, it's just, it's really exciting to eat there. Anybody headed to Massachusetts this summer, make sure you get on the ferry early, they just hack it, the ferry from Martha's Vineyard from Wood's Hall, they hacked into it and the boats weren't running there for a while, you know, some ransom were out of it.
Ed Gamble What they hacked into them and they started controlling them? How do you hack a boat?
Dan Aykroyd They hacked them so that they couldn't their electronic systems weren't working, they couldn't be part from the dock and reservation also were shut down so I don't know if they paid or not and so, this is world war, this is a world war three what's happening here in the cyber world. And that's why it's comforting food and drink in this world. Very comforting. You know, after I recommend to your MI6 and to your, all of your people over there in intelligence all in Britain and
Ed Gamble They all listen. They all listen to it.
Dan Aykroyd Yeah I know they, of course they do. They're gourmands, they're gourmands and you know, this is the community that loves fine living because of government expense chips that they can turn in. So I speak to the intelligence community and say hang in there, but no, this is the Third World War happening and so eat and drink well. Here's my MI6 cosmo, it would be three ounces of the Head, egg-white and white cranberry juice shaken and put up in a glass. In a martini glass. So that's the hardworking intelligence and counter-terrorist community in England. That's the dream.
Ed Gamble Do you have a cocktail for every sort of industry?
James Acaster Hmm, if we gave you an industry, would you be able to name a cocktail that we could make for them?
Dan Aykroyd Oh sure! Tell me, what do you think?
James Acaster Er, chimney sweeps.
Dan Aykroyd Oh wow er, for chimney sweeps you'd want a nice kind of a, almost like a milky cocktail, something really sweet and milky and clean. I would say you know, the Crystal Head corn, you know the original one over here, well it's in our pride bottle, pride month, happy pride month! This is our pride bottle
James Acaster Happy pride month to you

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Ed Gamble Oh wow, look at that! That's amazing.
Dan Aykroyd Yeah our corn is in here so I would say you take the corn and you would take a little like a Drambuie, and nutmeg and some good good milk, just two percent milk, not too thick, and shake that up and that would be kind almost just like a cold head shake you know.
James Acaster That's the chimney sweep drink? I love it.
Dan Aykroyd Yeah but fine, you know, fine food and wine of course you know it's such a tradition in all the spy novels that have been written and the movies you know. And in England and the UK, your community does that stuff great and as you say, yeah they're listening to us now, yeah.
James Acaster They're listening and they're gonna have that cocktail.
Ed Gamble But you say it's like in the spy novels and in James Bond films as well of course he has a vodka martini, shaken not stirred, but a shaken martini is a nightmare surely, this is what I've heard, that no one who knows their martinis would order a shaken martini, Dan.
Dan Aykroyd I disagree, I believe that a shaken martini with the right with an espresso certainly, you want to shake that up you want to get a nice foamed one you want to get that coco, that coffee in there, you want to you want blend that up, cos it just comes out the other end like a soft cone from Dairy Queen. It's such a treat. The shaker is a beautiful sound first of all, and if you're going into a bar it's one of the, first of all, next to the Harley Davidson motor cycle, or train wheels, or the laughter of my children.
James Acaster That's fourth.
Dan Aykroyd The sound of a shaky, of a cocktail shaker means fun and it's entertainment and it means, and bar chefs can do so much now with shaken martinis that I wouldn't worry about that for me so but some people are going to skew to that line and I will make you, with either of my beverages, a martini with or without, with just the vodka or maybe lemon or little ice chips. Certainly I like it with ice and it will be delicious. I think cocktails are important in our community as we congregate as we get back to bars. Bar chefs, cocktails, that world will serve mankind well, if one can consume beverage alcohol moderately, you know food and the drink that goes with and the food that goes with the drink will be so exciting to share in a congregated community once we get the world back to normal. And did you get vaccinated yet you guys?
James Acaster I did. I had my second one today.
Dan Aykroyd Good good.
Ed Gamble Yeah, I've had both of mine as well, we're both double jabbed.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd

Dan Aykroyd I've got all of them. I said give me all three. I got them in the States, give me all three. And they said, 'oh well it wouldn't really hurt you', and I didn't get sick.

James Acaster The other question that I've got to ask is, you've been, we've heard so much great stuff about the Crystal Head vodka, and like, you clearly, you're working on it very hard, there's loads of stuff you're doing. You're thinking about every single element of it, every element of it. Every element of it, element of the drink, the ingredients, the design, how they work in cocktails, it's on your mind a lot. If I may ask you a Ghost Busters question and bring in Crystal Head.

Dan Aykroyd Sure. Well, alright.

James Acaster At the end of the Ghost Busters, the first film of Ghost Busters, the first one. You've gotta not think of anything because if you think of anything it will materialise. Do you think these days you would think of Crystal Head and then you would look down and through the streets is coming a giant skull glass and how, a) do you think that's what you would think of and that is what would then attack the city? And b) how would the Ghost Busters defeat it?

Dan Aykroyd Man, if I had to go back and be that character right there I probably would go blank, I wouldn't think of anything. Because you got, you gotta be careful what you wish for.

James Acaster Do you think Crystal Head would just win, do you think it would be a very different film? It would be unbeatable.

Dan Aykroyd Ah well, well the head is very benevolent you see, the head has a nice little smile. The head, I mean it could appear in the sky as as sort of a, and rain good vodka on the crowd in the movie I suppose but no, it's not a, you know, while some operators, now the Aztec and were able to operate it for causes of doom and destruction, apparently, but they were mostly known as crystal balls in North America and Central America the Indigenous tribes the Anasazi, Suzi, the Navaho, the Aztec, the Mayans, they all had a crystal head. So it's a benevolent skull, it's a smiling skull, but, in its history I'm sure it was used by operators to call down doom upon enemies and rivals, so the law goes of the thirteen crystal heads which is what we based our design on.

James Acaster Well, in history the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man's very nice and friendly

Dan Aykroyd He is part of history.

James Acaster But then at the end turned up and was extremely, you know, cos when Zuul thought of it

Dan Aykroyd Yah, he was, he was you know on all the bags in stores for kids at campfire and and was thought of as benevolent and that's why Stantz thought of the most benevolent thing but you've got to be careful what you wish for.

James Acaster You've got to be careful.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd

Dan Aykroyd Now we used to have something in Canada called the Angelus Marshmallow Man, he was a cop, the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man was a sailor, if you recall, so it was a little different. But it was, I I based that on the Angelus Man and the Pilsbury Doughboy or the Michelin Tyre Man, all cute pudgy little creatures, well sure but watch out, they have a bad side.

James Acaster What do you think is the best profession for someone made entirely of marshmallow?

Ed Gamble Good question.

James Acaster Would it be a cop, or a sailor? Or maybe another job?

Ed Gamble Unemployed.

Dan Aykroyd A psychiatrist. Cos you could just keep peppering them, they'd absorb. Keep peppering them, they'd absorb.

Ed Gamble And they wouldn't need a coach they could just lie on their stomach and talk about their problems.

Dan Aykroyd Indeed indeed. Well I hope I've helped you here for your project, is someone actually going to try to cook this meal?

James Acaster Yeah Benito's going to try and cook it.

Ed Gamble The thing is I think it sounds all, I think it sounds absolutely delicious. I'm concerned that we won't be able to find the right pesto because you said you travel the world to try and find the best pestos.

Dan Aykroyd Well tell me, find find a restaurant in London. Find somebody there, run a contest. You know we run a Star Tender contest with the skull. You make a recipe and they join our Star Tender club and we have prizes and awards for bar chefs everywhere and let's let's do a pesto, let's do a you know, Off The Menu pesto contest.

James Acaster That would be great.

Ed Gamble Look I'd absolutely love that. Were you aware Dan, when you came up with the skull idea, to put the vodka in the skull, I'm a big heavy metal fan, were you aware quite how much you were gonna capture the the drinking habits of the heavy metal fans? Because it's the only vodka you see in any of these heavy metal places now.

Dan Aykroyd Well that's cool, wow I, wow I'm glad that that community's embraced it. I think we were more looking at just the aspect of it as a vessel that conveyed not so much negative death connotations

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
as positive, life-giving, enlightening connotations but, we're in biker bars, it's true, we're in heavy metal bars. We work hard to bring the consumer a good experience I think that's why it's in all communities but it looks good in a heavy metal bar, looks good in a steak house you know, right, right there.
Ed Gamble Dan you know how quite often a celebrity will put their name to a spirit and they won't really know much about it, they just put their name to it, I'm getting the sense that that's to what's going on here. I feel like you'd invested quite a lot of time in this.
Dan Aykroyd Well I started, I started in the tequila business. I was the, I was the agent for Patrón Tequila in Canada so I learnt about the business then and about making tequila then and then I was looking for other categories and now that's been sold to Bacardi, I'm no longer involved, and then I decided let's try to clean up vodka. I didn't like the over viscosity, I didn't like the fact that you opened a bottle of vodka and it smelt like Chanel Number 10 or it didn't smell like anything, I didn't like the cat's tongue taste on some of them, they were rough. You know if you don't have quality you don't have a business, nobody's going to come back and drink it. Nobody's going to say, oh that's nice I'll put that on my shelf, I'm not going to crack another one tonight, thank you. But that's not what's happening. We're in seventy eight countries with multiple awards and medals and I'm proud to go around the world and say, it's Canadian.
James Acaster Popadoms or bread?
Dan Aykroyd What's that?
James Acaster Popadoms or bread Dan?
Dan Aykroyd Oh! Popadom. Oh yeah, popadoms for sure. Actually you know I would eschew and just ... by all western cooking. Even this meal I've shown you if I could eat Indian every night.
Ed Gamble Well we can change it if you like?
Dan Aykroyd Well okay so that would be popadom, that would be sag a, sag aloo, sag gosht and a great mild vegetarian curry and lots of basmati rice and let's see, the, that beautiful chicken that they do, masala chicken. I would do lots of tandoori, have the oven just cooking like three or four birds tandoori style. Butter chicken, the dahl, the raita, a few chapatis maybe. A lassi to cool it all off at the end and some ice cream. Yeah that's a dream Indian meal right there.
James Acaster Yeah.
Dan Aykroyd And that's easier for you to do in London maybe than the the monster I've created here for our show.
Ed Gamble Would you still have a blunt at the end of your Indian meal, would there still be a blunt?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
James Acaster Oh yes, the blunt!
Dan Aykroyd Where legal. Where legal yeah. Yeah I'd offer that to my guests where legal. I have trouble smoking it because I get, it makes me sneeze and I have a something going on with the terpenes that does something to my nasal eustachian system, I don't know.
Ed Gamble Is that the next step for Crystal, maybe remove the terpenes and have like a pure a pure weed brand?
Dan Aykroyd Well, Jimmy Belushi is launching the Blues Brothers working man's weed brand and
James Acaster Ah
Dan Aykroyd Yep and so I've granted him, Judy and I, Judy Belushi and I have granted him a license to go out and purvey to the market a product that people, that's affordable, that's high quality affordable. Just think if the if football leagues like the NFL or the, you know, allow their players, instead of going home and popping a pill for a knee injury, to smoke something or to take some CBD or or THC CBD. I believe it's, in it's healing properties, I really do. My dad was on it at the end of his life for anxiety and for sleeping and we'd give him a few drops there and he'd sleep like a baby. And he lived 'til he was 98 and we gave him some THC too and he, you know to help with hallucinations. To enhance them.
James Acaster You said sativa, that's quite a mild strain is that correct?
Dan Aykroyd Well I don't know maybe after the Indian meal we'd move to an indica but the Chernobyl pre-roll is a beautiful product. It's a sativa that's rolled in this beautiful kief sauce and my guests who do indulge enjoy that. And of course there's no operation of boats or jet skis, motor vehicles after this, we're sitting by the fire while this is going on and everybody then can go off to their various cabins on the property and go to sleep. So we put everybody up, everybody that will come that day will be put up with a bed at the place.
Ed Gamble Your dessert sounded delicious, would you ever consider swapping out the dessert Dan and replacing it with a cheese board?
Dan Aykroyd Well I had the cheese board at the top with the pepper jelly and the pecorino and the stilton. What would I add to that cheese board? Not, not much. No I enjoy a good cheese board at the end but you've got to have your brandy, you've got to have your whiskey, you've got to have your brown spirit there. Or a Chateau d'Yquem but sure, I mean, I love the pecorino and I love the stilton I, we have some great Canadian cheddars here both yellow and white that are that are wonderful. So maybe maybe as the fire progresses and people get a little hungry that's a good idea. You know I'll bring out an apple cheese board.
Ed Gamble Bring the cheese back out.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Dan Aykroyd Yeah and then we're gonna be, we'll start swilling red wine again we'll be, it'll be three in the morning and we'll be cracking another bottle of Margaux or a Stag's Leap or anything with a Saint or an X in it.
James Acaster Yeah. We enjoyed a bottle of Stag's Leap together once Ed didn't we?
Ed Gamble We did and I'm literally looking, I can see from where I'm sat a bottle of Stag's Leap and a bottle of Crystal Head. So I think I think we'd have a good night.
Dan Aykroyd Oh no no, we would have a great great night if, yeah we should we should recreate this at the farm.
Ed Gamble We're counting that as an invitation Dan, we're gonna, we're just gonna show up on your doorstep.
Dan Aykroyd We're ready, we're opening up. Ontario's ready, Ontario is ready.
Ed Gamble Fantastic man.
James Acaster We'll show up, smoke a blunt with Bill Murray. Yes please.
Dan Aykroyd Oh sure! Sure. I'd like, I want him to come any time. He's welcome, he can hide out permanently at my house as far as I'm concerned. He's a busy man.
James Acaster Thank you so much Dan this has been such a delicious menu.
Ed Gamble It's been fantastic.
James Acaster Have you eaten today? Are you now going to go off and eat something?
Dan Aykroyd Well, I think I'm going to go to Chez Piggy's and I'm going to order the spring rolls and the châ giô salad, the Vietnamese style salad with the spring rolls chopped up in it and also some pitta and hummus and I will have a Bar Car martini and then I don't know what he's doing for a chicken today but there are magnificent restaurants in this in this town. Dianne's Fish Bar, we've got Atomica pizza cafe, Woodenheads pizza cafe, there's a beautiful tapas bar, Tango Nuevo. And Kingston's quite, for the size of this town, two hundred thousand, Kingston's quite sophisticated with food and drink.
James Acaster That's very helpful because we have a website for this podcast, there's a page on the website that is all the bars and all the restaurants that have been mentioned on this podcast and there's links to them so the more that you mention from Kingston, the more that are gonna end up on there. And I think we've kind of like, you know, that page hasn't got much Canadian places at the minute, we're underrepresented there, so if you want to mention any other great Canadian restaurants?

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd

Dan Aykroyd Oh well of course, Il Latini in Montreal and Canoe in Toronto and, oh yeah, there's quite a variety, quite a variety of good good spots here. And all of them serve the Head.

James Acaster Well I was gonna say, if any of our listeners do go to Canada and they want to go and get a Head somewhere, a lovely cocktail of the Head, where's the best place in Canada where you've personally sat and drank your own product?

Dan Aykroyd Well I would say, where would I go in Toronto to sit down and have it? Oh, surprisingly, The Hilton Hotel, the bar at the Hilton Hotel.

Ed Gamble Wow.

Dan Aykroyd The guys in there are fantastic, they love the product, they know how to use it, make it all different kinds of ways. I would go there that's, I know I could get a good reliable service on the cocktail there cos they've done the research. Yeah, so the Hilton in Toronto.

Ed Gamble Have you ever been anywhere, Dan, where you've had your own product at a bar and you've had to take them aside and go, you're treating this all wrong?

Dan Aykroyd Well I, first of all if if my product is seen on the bar I applaud and I immediately deplete the bottle by buying the entire room all rounds so I'll buy them right out of the product and then I'll say, aren't we all having fun? Here's the story, here's why it's so good, why people enjoy it.

James Acaster I think if I was in a bar and someone came in and they bought the whole room drinks, that would be a big deal for me, I've never had that happen before, I'd be quite excited.

Ed Gamble Huge.

James Acaster If it then turned out that the person who has bought everyone drinks owns the company that makes the drink, that would blow my mind, and if that person on top of that was Dan Aykroyd who then told me about the history of the drink and everything, I think that would be quite a memorable evening. I mean these people who who have experienced this must have afterwards been like, hold on, did that just happen?

Dan Aykroyd Well if you were a bar operator I would hope for a placement, a permanent placement on the bar so. Yeah we we you know, we're honest about it and we like people to have a good time. And it's about laughs and fun and and you know it's it's the only, for bar chefs it's the only head that can talk, you know, that can talk to. You throw it up on the ground, in the air, like a basketball. It doesn't break

Ed Gamble It's alright.

Dan Aykroyd I've only broken one.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Ed Gamble Well thank you so much for coming on off menu that's a wonderful menu there.
James Acaster Thank you Dan!
Ed Gamble Well! That was that. Look, I loved it, we're slightly shell-shocked still I'd say.
James Acaster Well I didn't even read out the menu back to him.
Ed Gamble No because I'd imagine we don't have half the menu written down because Benito's fingers have been worn down to a nub trying to type it as Dan said it.
James Acaster He definitely tried. Water: jugs of warm lemon water.
Ed Gamble But that comes at the end of the meal. The water comes at the end of the meal, don't forget that.
James Acaster Yes, I mean we didn't really, that was the only water that was mentioned, so I guess we can put that on the water course. A warm jug of lemon water. And a vodka martini with Crystal Head, that was at the top. Popadoms or head, he said popadoms.
Ed Gamble Yeah, at the end. But that's when he changed it to an Indian meal so
James Acaster Yes.
Ed Gamble That was my fault, I hold my hands up, making him change it to an Indian meal was my fault.
James Acaster Yeah well we, but we got a whole Indian meal in there as well, that's nice. Starter: pecorino stilton and red pepper jelly, with pappardelle pesto.
Ed Gamble It does sound nice.
James Acaster Main: mixed grill, baby lamb chops with mint jelly, t-bone steak half inch, horseradish, roasted chicken with lemon, Yorkshire pudding, gravy peas.
Ed Gamble Er, James, at what point did you realise he was going to do the whole meal?
James Acaster Um, I think

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Ed Gamble Was it when I tried to interrupt him
James Acaster When tried to interrupt, yeah when you tried to interrupt during the pecorino and it was made very clear to you that that won't be necessary and he carried on and I thought to myself, this is great, I absolutely love it, I'm going to see how long I can go without talking. And if I make it to the end of the podcast and all I've said is
Ed Gamble Popadoms or bread?
James Acaster `Welcome to the Dream Restaurant we've been expecting you for some time', that will be really funny. I mean definitely during this bit, when it was Yorkshire puddings, gravy peas, brussel sprouts, garlic mash, rosemary roast potatoes, I was like, this is the whole main, we're in the whole main already
Ed Gamble Yeah, here we go.
James Acaster Side: chopped Caesar salad. Drink: chardonnay. Dessert: mocha dacquoise, dacquoise? Espresso martini with Crystal Head. A cigar. Mission Hill whiskey or brandy afterwards, this is afterwards, with a two gram Chernobyl pre-roll blunt and then to the fire. Donuts, in butter
Ed Gamble That sounded so good! We didn't even ask about the donuts.
James Acaster The donuts in butter sounded amazing!
Ed Gamble Oh man. James, can I tell you about a donut I had the other night.
James Acaster Yeah.
Ed Gamble I went to a restaurant called Casa Mia in Bristol and they finished off the meal with sourdough donuts rolled in lamb fat and then chargrilled and then rolled in salt and sugar. Absolutely phenomenal.
James Acaster Wow. I would like to try those very much.
Ed Gamble I had an absolute nightmare during that interview, I mean I didn't have a lot to do. But an Amazon man came knocking and he knocked twice so you probably heard that in the background, and now someone's texting me and at one point I was going to literally lean out the window and go, 'I am interviewing Dan Aykroyd', and then for some reason my eye starting weeping. I've got no idea why, it just went bright red, ceased up, and started weeping. That's what happens when I don't talk for an extended period of time is my brain starts trying to escape through my face.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
James Acaster Yeah
Ed Gamble Oh. Absolute nightmare. All while I was interviewing Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster I feel this is the kind of episode that warrants repeat listens. I think that it will be funny for listeners to listen to it again and know what they're going into the second time around and really enjoy that it is quite funny when two podcast hosts just completely loose control of their own podcast and have to just deal with the fact that the whole entire world has changed. And you know, I think that's fun. Especially while, you know, a Hollywood A lister sells sells vodka also during it as well. And like very high quality vodka.
Ed Gamble Yeah, this opportunity, you're not helping by saying things like that James. I'm going to take this opportunity to say this was not a sponsored podcast.
James Acaster Nope. It wasn't sponsored.
Ed Gamble It was not spon. We expected Dan to mention his vodka, sure, we know he puts a lot of time and effort into it and he's sort of known for it now, but we were not paid for it.
James Acaster We didn't get paid for it, no.
Ed Gamble I've not even plugged my tour, I should have plugged my tour. I didn't get one opportunity to plug my tour and now everyone's going to go and buy a bottle of Crystal Head, the pride bottle is out now. It's a beautiful bottle, happy pride month, I loved it though.
James Acaster Look. When I was a little kid, watching Ghost Busters, I had an obsession with Ghost Busters, if you had told me that I would grow up one day, I'd have a conversation, first of all you'd have to explain the concept of zoom and zoom calls.
Ed Gamble And podcasts.
James Acaster Yeah and podcasts and everything. I still don't, let's face it, I'm still not really, completely across that.
Ed Gamble No you're not across that are you?
James Acaster But, if you said, this man, that man there on the tv, the Ghost Buster, he will talk to you for nearly an hour, well basically he'll talk to you until he's decided it's time to stop.
Ed Gamble Yes.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
James Acaster And he will wish you good luck with your project. He will say, 'I hope I helped you with your project'.
Ed Gamble Yeah he he said that half an hour in, 'I hope I helped you with your project', and that made me feel eight.
James Acaster Yes. It really put into perspective what we're doing here.
Ed Gamble Yep, yeah.
James Acaster From the man who has conquered Hollywood and now has a vodka empire and he talks to us and goes, 'I hope I've helped you with your project because or whatever it is you two are doing here'.
Ed Gamble Yes. Oh I loved, I mean I just loved it, I'll be thinking about that for a long time. edgamble.co.uk for tickets to my tour.
James Acaster Yes please. What's the show called?
Ed Gamble Yep. Electric.
James Acaster Electric.
Ed Gamble Well, he didn't say ectoplasm either.
James Acaster I tell you what as well, when I asked him who was going to be at the at the meal, I thought about saying for a joke, 'is it Bill Murray?', and then, but it is! They're proper friends!
Ed Gamble Yep! Bill Murray, Lorne Michaels, I'd be absolutely terrified of them.
James Acaster Lorne Michaels would as well? It was nice to see the whole, that he's buddies with all those people, that was nice. And I, I dunno, I think I'm going to spend quite a few days reflecting on this.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster Sitting around and then just every now and again my mind will drift to it and I'll think about it. If I remember
Ed Gamble Look, shout out to Dan Aykroyd, he'd done his prep. Sometimes people show up on this podcast and they just go like, 'a chocolate thing'? Dan, absolutely not. He'd done his prep and he was ready

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
to deliver everything that he'd, he'd worked on. This is the longest intro and outro we've ever done and quite rightly.
James Acaster It's gotta be. I mean, you know, I think that people tune into our podcast to hear the guests but I think, also you know, we play a role in it. And I think we've got to make up for that now, people have got to hear our voices enough at then and, you know, also, just be assured, as the listener, that we are aware of what just happened.
Ed Gamble Do you want to ask me any questions that you wanted to ask Dan Aykroyd? Or tell any anecdotes that relate to Dan Aykroyd now?
James Acaster Well something I was going to ask Dan Aykroyd was, you know, I was going to pick up on the Yorkshire puddings and say Ed doesn't like Yorkshire puddings, it's an ongoing thing on the podcast, can you convert Ed to like Yorkshire puddings. And it would have been quite impressive to see how the answer to that question ended up being about Crystal Head vodka. I mean, do you know what, that's the thing as well, I'm not even, I mean, I really don't want these intros and outros to sound like we're making fun of Dan in any way
Ed Gamble Oh no, not at all.
James Acaster I genuinely, every time he kept bringing up the stuff about the Crystal Head I was like, I am weirdly invested into this. Like he's very passionate about it, really knows his stuff. I was, I was hanging on every word.
Ed Gamble I went to Disney and Universal when I was a kid, with my friend and his mum. And his mum really fancied the man playing Dan Aykroyd's Ghost Buster's character at Universal. And like we had to follow around the Ghost Busters all day and she asked him to marry her, as a joke and he looked very uncomfortable. So I thought maybe we could play around with that.
James Acaster Yeah, we could have told him that, that would have been funny. Oh well, that didn't happen.
Ed Gamble That would have been good.
James Acaster Er I went on a walk with my sister and my nephews recently and one of the nephews he's a little boy, ran really far ahead, waited for us for ages, for probably twenty minutes just waiting for us, looking at us the whole time we were walking down the foot path. For twenty minutes just staring at us and then we got to him went, 'who you gonna call?', and then ran away.
Ed Gamble Great.
James Acaster So, you know. He's constantly, Dan Aykroyd, inspiring every single generation, every new generation, Ghost Busters is a thing for them, becomes a thing.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Ed Gamble Also, a huge shout out to you James for deliberately creating more work for the Great Benito in putting all those Canadian restaurants on the website, I love that you did that.
James Acaster Yes I was really pleased with that and thinking like cos it's like an episode where really you would think that no work needed to be done at all, but we we got away with hardly doing anything and Benito's gonna be up all night, typing all of those up, finding all the links to them, he's got so much work to do.
Ed Gamble I think that we should clock-off this bonus episode. I hope I've helped you with your project. Let's call it a day, I've had an absolute ball, what a weird afternoon and er, yeah.
James Acaster I had a great time. For context also for the listener, it's an absolutely boiling hot day today and we were waiting, we were thinking surely this is just gonna be cancelled because we often have many high profile guests lined up and they always cancel on us a lot of the time, and we all think, ah well, okay. And then Dan Aykroyd we're like, oh surely not, surely Dan Aykroyd isn't going to do this podcast, and and it was so hot. And I was like, my brain's not even working, and what I needed really was someone who just took charge. Who got the job done and then we have to say piggy.
Ed Gamble Oh I thought you were talking about me then, I thought you were talking about me. No, it wasn't me, it wasn't me sadly. I didn't need to do anything.
James Acaster It wasn't you. You were sitting there with your eyes weeping at some at one point out of nowhere.
Ed Gamble Yep. Half my head was on fire, the Amazon man knocked on the door. Awful performance from me but luckily Dan was there to take the reins, ironically I'm going to go and have a Crystal Head vodka now and it is four thirty PM.
James Acaster Of course you are!
Ed Gamble Series Six is going to start soon.
James Acaster Series Six will start soon and you bet you better bet your bottom dollar that we're going to go right back to the normal format, all your favourites, nothing's going to throw you, normal structure. I mean let's try and get everyone from Ghost Busters on one by one.
Ed Gamble I wouldn't change a thing though. I wouldn't change a thing about what's happened today
James Acaster I wouldn't change a, I can't hammer this home enough, we would not change anything about what's just happened. I mean listen, we've had many great experiences on this podcast, loads of weird things. Once we ran a little competition where members of the public could come on and have their dream menu and a very nice man bought the experience for his sister and it turned out she'd never seen the podcast before but fancied Ed and myself and it was a very weird experience.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 108 Dan Aykroyd
Ed Gamble Well actually, she fancied you, she knew she fancied you. And she'd had a drink as well, let's add that in, she fancied you and then during the call also decided she fancied me. So it was
James Acaster Yes, she saw you, she liked what she saw.
Ed Gamble Yes, and, she had as much respect for the format as Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster Yes, she did. But without the back catalogue and the career to back it up.
Ed Gamble Yes. Look, let's clock-off now but what what fun it's been, James
James Acaster What fun it's been.
Ed Gamble I'll see you for series six.
James Acaster Can't wait to get Dan Aykroyd on a redemption episode one day.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

