Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Off Menu ­ Ep110 ­ Ross Kemp

Ed Gamble Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, dicing chat into tiny little cubes. Nah that's not good is it James?
James Acaster Oh that was bad.
Ed Gamble I knew the general area it was gonna be in and then I ran out half way through.
James Acaster That was maybe the weakest one we've ever had.
Ed Gamble Yeah it was definitely.
James Acaster Cos I think you've talked about dicing stuff before.
Ed Gamble Yeah. Well what else am I going to do now? Come on.
James Acaster Yeah it's hard isn't it? It's hard, you've made your bed.
Ed Gamble Ah hang on. Pouring the sugar of fun into the heated tin of the internet and making the candyfloss of content.
James Acaster Now, that is much better. I maybe think a bit more as a drum, a heated drum.
Ed Gamble What was it, a heated tin did I say?
James Acaster A tin, you said a heated tin. But like, more of a drum but otherwise that's good and getting the internet involved you kind of
Ed Gamble Rarely get the internet involved.
James Acaster You always normally focus on chat and fun and stuff like that
Ed Gamble And humour
James Acaster And humour. But you don't often, you know, remember that this is an online thing and you can get the internet involved so that's a new string to your bow now, when it comes to this.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 1 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ed Gamble Well you knowing it's an online thing is a new string to your bow.
James Acaster Yeah well I've just learnt it from, you said it just then I've assumed it was true, that the internet's involved.
Ed Gamble Do you want to tell everyone what this is, James?
James Acaster Yes. As far as I know, this is the Off Menu podcast. We've got a Dream Restaurant, Ed's the Maître D, I am the genie and we invite a new guest in every week and we ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, side dish, drink, dessert to make their dream meal. And this week, our very special guest in the Dream Restaurant is
Ed Gamble and James Acaster Ross Kemp.
Ed Gamble Ross Kemp! It's Ross Kemp.
James Acaster It's Ross Kemp.
Ed Gamble It's Ross Kemp. The Actor. The documentarian. I mean it's Ross Kemp. National treasure.
James Acaster I was gonna say. Those were about to be the two words next two words out of my mouth Ed. Yeah, national treasure. That's what I was about to say.
Ed Gamble National treasure. You'll know him from everything. Well no, specific things actually: Eastenders, Ross Kemp on Gangs, my favourite tv show at university, Ultimate Force which, I'm not sure I'm going to get a chance to bring up with Ross because I'll absolutely fanboy. We had a tv that the aerial didn't work on so we couldn't get regular tv. We only had a small collection of DVDs and one of those DVDs was the Ultimate Force box set. In one episode he captures a machete in mid-air and in one movement slices off a man's head.
James Acaster What? See I was still thinking about his documentaries. I haven't seen Ultimate Force.
Ed Gamble Oh mate. You have got to watch Ultimate Force. It is phenomenal.
James Acaster What, he killed someone? I'm gonna interview this guy?
Ed Gamble No he has not killed everyone in real life but he has spoken to a lot of people who have killed other people in real life.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 2 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
James Acaster He has done. What a life. I mean I don't think we've had a guest on the podcast who has spoken to as many killers before.
Ed Gamble Correct.
James Acaster So this will be interesting. Will that influence the food choices, who know?
Ed Gamble And look, Ross Kemp is no stranger to podcasts, he has his own podcast: The Kemp Cast, where he chats to interesting people and chats about their lives and their stories and things like that. Sounds like quite a good journalistic podcast James, unlike this piece of absolute shit.
James Acaster We will see. Maybe we will turn this piece of absolute shit into the crème de la crème this week. But, more than likely it'll stay a piece of absolute shit. I know he's met a lot of dangerous people but he has not met us before.
Ed Gamble He has not met an angry genie.
James Acaster He's not met an angry genie.
Ed Gamble Who has just heard a secret ingredient that we have decided before the episode and if Ross Kemp says a secret ingredient we will kick him out and yes, I'm gonna grab him around the scruff of the neck, you're gonna grab his boots, Benito's gonna tickle him on the way out and we're gonna chuck him out of here.
James Acaster We are. Machete or no machete, he's going out. And this week, the secret ingredient which we deem to be disgusting is
Ed Gamble and James Acaster Chicken mince.
Ed Gamble I've had nice chicken mince but I would agree that broadly it dries out very quickly. If, if you know you line out all the minces it's gonna be the first one I push off the table.
James Acaster Yeah, look. In general I think chicken mince is alright. But I think the idea of it is disgusting. Thinking of it is gross.
Ed Gamble Yeah.
James Acaster And thank you very much to the person who suggested chicken mince. We get people to tweet the podcast and this week chicken mince was suggested to us by Bleasdale.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 3 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

Ed Gamble It wasn't, it wasn't Bleasdale, James. It wasn't Bleasdale.

James Acaster BLEASDALE! BLEASDALE!

Ed Gamble This is going to be a confusing one

James Acaster THANK YOU BLEASDALE!

Ed Gamble Thank you very much for the suggestion of chicken mince from @cssheeran.

James Acaster It sounds like an alias. Of Bleasdale.

Ed Gamble It sounds like an alias of a sheep is what is sounds like who's clearly putting other meats forward as a secret ingredient.

James Acaster Yes, actually. They want lamb mince to take over, they don't like people getting on the mince turf.

Ed Gamble Yeah.

James Acaster Well fair enough @cssheeran, let's see if you, if you get Ross Kemp kicked out of the Dream Restaurant you are officially hard as nails @cssheeran.

Ed Gamble God I hope not. I'm so happy we've got Ross Kemp on the podcast.

James Acaster So am I. I can't wait to hear his dream meal. Shall we get to it Ed?

Ed Gamble Let's get to it. This is the Off Menu menu of

Ed Gamble and James Acaster Ross Kemp

Ed Gamble Welcome Ross Kemp to the Dream Restaurant.

Ross Kemp Thank you guys for inviting me.

James Acaster Welcome Ross Kemp to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.

Ross Kemp I'm here. At last.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 4 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

James Acaster Ah yes. Matching the sense of occasion with the voice there. Not enough people do that actually, I'm gonna complain about all the other guests who have ever been on this podcast who have never, have never done that.
Ed Gamble Yes, for sure.
Ross Kemp No I'm really happy to be here. I love food. Really, as you could probably tell by looking at me. And I think it's one of those few remaining pleasures left once you go past fifty so I enjoy it still very very much.
James Acaster That must be a great thing about, you know, you've filmed loads of stuff all over the world. You get to like discover new dishes in different places. When you arrive in a different country are you trying to find out where the best places to eat are?
Ross Kemp First thing. Yeah. Obviously you gotta spend time with the people that you're gonna be talking to, so you're not necessarily in their best restaurants. Going into favelas in Brail for instance, you know, you have to go through a thing called the boca de fuma, it's where they used to sell cannabis but they now sell everything from generally crackie crackie which is crack cocaine. But once you're through there and you're through the barricades where the guns are and the gangsters sit and you go up into the Favelas, you'll find all these small little restaurants that are selling skull beer, you won't find wine but you'll get some fantastic little barbeque restaurants and everyone's got a smile on their face, everyone's happy to be alive. And I've often found some of the more poorer (restaurants) have generally been the happiest places that I've been to. And I, when I was really young I took one of my first girlfriends, we went to France, I think I'd just got into East Enders and she ended up booking this really expensive restaurant in Èze village and it was like a comedy sketch from the Pythons. There were like twelve waiters in ascending height going 'bon soir bon soir bon soir bon soir', and I don't know to this day whether they did it on purpose but they gave, they're supposed to give, it's very sexist but they give the male the menu with the prices and they give the female the menu without the prices. But, for whatever reason, maybe because I was wearing a Marks and Spencers shirt that had holes in it, they swapped them round. So she got the prices. And I looked across at her, her name was Sue, and I said, 'Sue, are you okay? this was your idea, this is my birthday, you know, we're gonna splash the cash'. Then she went, 'have you seen what it costs for a bowl of bread?'. And, and I looked at it and it was like fifty or sixty francs, it must be four euros, and it was just like, do you know what, god bless her you know, we were too scared to order any food, we virtually, you know. And I just thought sod it, let's just, let's smash the credit card, which we did, and we had a very good time. But I remember the tears rolling down the cheeks and like, 'don't worry' and I looked at the menu went, 'oh shit'.
James Acaster So that was it, from that day onwards you were done with the fancy pants places, into the favelas.
Ross Kemp Into the favelas, yeah. And I've got like my options, some of the food are actually from fancy pants restaurants and some of them are actually not, they're just like, it's the food. And it's often the place, I think, it's the time and the place. So you know, I've got, you know there's really good memories attached to a lot of food and I think food can can bring up places for you, you know, you go back and the food's similar, you know what I mean? You can definitely recreate a good time in your life through food. Like you can through smells, you know.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 5 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

Ed Gamble If you had to join one of the gangs that you've spoken to and you were picking them based on what they were eating

James Acaster Based on what they eat

Ed Gamble What gang you going for? What gang has the best food?

Ross Kemp Good call. Well one of the organised crime groups because they spend their life having a really good time. So one of the Russian chaps. I mean they just like spending their time, you know, coughing vodka and and having caviar. Although, actually there was a gang that I met in Ulan Batur which is obviously in Mongolia cos I knew that before I went there. (No). And they they frequented a sushi restaurant. Now Mongolia is one of the most landlocked countries on the planet and apart from the fact they like to have snuff and vodka for breakfast which I had to partake in, of course, to be accepted by the group.

Ed Gamble Yeah sure. You're doing a documentary you've got to do it.

James Acaster You gotta do it.

Ross Kemp Exactly. They they just, this sushi used to be flying in from Japan everyday and I've never even been to Japan but I like sushi a lot and the sushi that these guys, this gang used to have apart from the fact that I didn't like the idea that they went around celebrating Hitler's birthday and they had SS tattoos on their heads and stuff like that

Ed Gamble Yeah but that might have been for sushi sushi.

Ross Kemp Sushi sushi yeah absolutely.

James Acaster Scrumptious sushi.

Ross Kemp Scrumptious, yeah.

James Acaster Scrummy sushi.

Ross Kemp So yeah, so maybe the richer gangs. The poorer gangs, possibly not.

James Acaster Oh, that is, that is quite the bind. This sushi is delicious but these guys, I'm pretty sure they're Nazis.

Ed Gamble Yeah

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 6 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

James Acaster Um, what to do.
Ross Kemp Yes, but they gave that away by the kit they were wearing and going around waving flags on Hitler's birthday which is something I never.. I also, I declined the cake on Hitler's birthday as well which they were quite upset about, funnily enough.
James Acaster Well done.
Ed Gamble Did the cake have Hitler on it?
Ross Kemp Do you know, do you know what? Can I tell you how many times I've been offered cake by Nazis? Whether it be in in Moscow, Dallas or in fact, Ulan Batur. More than once and they, they love a cake.
James Acaster Yeah, I didn't know that about Nazis. Why do you think they love cakes so much?
Ross Kemp Well because they like sticking their insignia in anything they can, don't they? They like draping it everywhere. So why not put it on a cake? If you can stick it on your forehead stick it on your arm, you may as well stick it on your cake.
James Acaster Yeah, and it's an easier way to get people in isn't it? Cos like they go, if we offer people the cake, their need for cake might override the fact that everything we believe is abhorrent. So, we'll get them in that way.
Ross Kemp Yeah, and that is not joking. I can remember going to meet a load of Moscow Nazis and they literally put a salad out and the tomato ketchup they'd put a swastika.
Ed Gamble Oh my god.
Ross Kemp A cross. I mean, it's pathetic. Anyway. I don't wish to remember them.
James Acaster Are you at that point now where whenever you meet a new gang of Nazis, before they've even opened your mouth went, 'no I don't want any cake thank you very much', and they're like, 'put it, put the Battenburg away, he doesn't want it'.
Ross Kemp I can tell you something, I mean, you know, I've got to go through the whole menu but some of them do actually relate to places that I've been
Ed Gamble Amazing.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 7 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ross Kemp I've also got a list of things that I just couldn't eat when I was offered
James Acaster Oh right.
Ed Gamble Oh great!
Ross Kemp And one that I did do and had spectacular results, so I'll tell you about that when we get there.
James Acaster Well let's start with still or sparkling water at the beginning.
Ross Kemp I was really funny about still or sparkling, I will have still. And I often drink lots of water when I'm away, sadly, you know, it's often in plastic bottles and you only have to go to certain places that I've been to you see it pile up. But I try not to, if I can not to but sadly, yeah, still will be my choice. Although having said that when I go through times when I don't drink alcohol or anything like it, I will have a little bit of orange juice with some fizzy water, see. So if it's just water on its own, I'll have it still but if I'm going to mix some juice into it I might like it a little bit fizzy.
Ed Gamble Gotta fizz it up.
James Acaster Cos it's your dream meal, which one would fit the dream meal more? Which one would be like, that's special, that's what I'd like for the meal, that's the best way to start it off.
Ross Kemp I would like some mineral water from Scotland in a glass bottle rather than a plastic bottle please.
Ed Gamble Lovely. We can sort that out for you, easy.
James Acaster Why Scotland?
Ross Kemp It's slightly peaty, nice. It's properly out of that kind of fruit of those rocks. And I used to go walking out in Scotland quite a lot and there are, you know, little springs that you genuinely can find. And where people leave little cups and so before obviously covid and stuff like that people were less concerned and you can wipe it around anyway if you're carrying something, some hand wash with you. And you just fill up the cup and you pour from it, you just drink straight out of the the side of the mountain and that's, you know, that's so refreshing. Particularly if you've just climbed a bit, you walked a bit up a hill, you know. It's nice to have a nice drinky at the end of it.
Ed Gamble That's one of the often forgotten victims of covid is the communal Scottish mountain cups.
James Acaster Yeah

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 8 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

Ross Kemp I reckon they're still there. I wouldn't try it right now though.

James Acaster People don't talk about it enough. How we're not able to just walk along and pick a cup off of the floor and drink from it anymore because we don't know who's drunk out of it.

Ross Kemp I can assure you, there's some people I know that still are.

James Acaster Yeah sure. Some people going around. If we could sort it out for you that the Dream Restaurant has a Scottish spring directly funnelled into it that you can just drink fresh from, would you prefer that to a bottled water.

Ross Kemp One hundred percent, just trust me, yeah lovely. Absolutely fantastic.

Ed Gamble Yeah, well I think we can do that.

James Acaster I think we'll do that. Have you ever been tempted to bring a cup with you on the walk and leave that for other people?

Ross Kemp Do you know what, I haven't. Though you do take, when you go walking you used to take a thing called your piece and inside that would be like bread and maybe some some kind of like filling inside the bread, whether it be all gammon or cheese or pickle or something like that. And there would often be a little metal cup that came along with you but you know, wo betide you if you did not return said cup. So sometimes you would take a cup, if you didn't have a cup with you you could find one, generally, beside one of these springs. Or, which is probably generally more hygienic, you had a little cup in your pocket. And you often filled it with more than just spring water as well, if you were lucky.

James Acaster When you say wo betide you if you didn't come back with the metal cup?

Ross Kemp Well you got told off by the woman of the house, the lady that ran the Scotts cottage.

James Acaster So hold on a sec, I might have missed something. You're staying in a cottage and someone's in charge of it and they give you your piece before you go out.

Ross Kemp That's right. And you've got to come back, not only with your wrap foil, so you haven't left it up on the mountainside, fair point, you've also got to come back with your little aluminium cup.

James Acaster You've also got to have the full shabang, otherwise you're being sent back up there to go and retrieve them.

Ross Kemp Well she's cooking your dinner that night and you know, depending how she felt about you, you

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 9 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

know, depending on the quality of the food that you you got served. So. And it was also very good, I have to say.

James Acaster There you go.

Ross Kemp Although I have to say, it wasn't the most dangerous episode of my life, wondering whether the lady of the house was going to serve the dinner cold because we didn't come back with the aluminium cup.

James Acaster I was gonna say, I'd absolutely love it if that was the one time you were like, 'you do not want to cross these women, they live in the Scottish mountains in a cottage'.

Ed Gamble The only time I've feared for my life is Scottish cup lady.

James Acaster Do you also want to say one of the foods that you've refused to eat before we continue? Pepper these throughout the episode?

Ross Kemp Er, there's, not refused to eat, I didn't have a lot of choice in one case. I was in El Salvador, I was staying with or meeting members of MS13, Mara Salavatrucha, one of the most dangerous street gangs in the United States and across that part of central America and we were interviewing on a regular basis a guy called Chucho, who was the leader of the Little Pyschopaths and you're gonna love this, the Little Psychopaths of Del Gado. And he obviously carried a gun everywhere he went, more than one and so did his cohorts, and I made a really, I mean very very big error, early doors error, this is like the first series of gangs, I didn't have a clue what I was doing. I probably still didn't at the end of the nineteen programmes we made but his sister, she gave me a soft toy that you, they are in the petrol stations all across El Salvador city, they're little kind of furry gnome type thing and little face, plastic face, and then it was a ball of fur. And it was soaked in really really strong perfume and, you know, you're offered a gift so it is rude to refuse. Now, stupidly, I went and bought her one, I didn't soak it in perfume but I did give it back to her, like three or four days later, oh we're going back to Chucho's house, we'll take some beers, we'll take some food, won't take any cake with Swastikas on it but we will take something nice and sweet to eat as well. And I gave her this thing. What I was doing was getting engaged to Chucho's sister at that point. So when I explained to him that I already had a girlfriend at home, Chucho was rather unpleased. So he said you must come to my house before you leave and you must have chicken with us, right. So I remember, I was sitting next to Marta, Marta speaks really good Spanish, Portuguese and every other language around the world and she's been a great friend and a great supporter to me over the years. And she ended up being one of the big directors in all the films, like we went to Syria, Lybia, she's very brave lady. But she was just starting the job as well, so she was translating and you know, you've got to tell him that you're not marrying his sister, like I didn't want to tell him I'm not marrying his sister, he's got a gun. And he's put his gun on the table! And honestly, he brought out this chicken and it's like beautifully grilled chicken with a salad, and I look at my piece and it's pinker than my bald head. It has not seen flame or if it has it's just been licked delicately on the outside with it. So I put my fork into it and blood comes out, right, so I go, I can't eat this, I'm gonna be so sick. I can't eat this. So Chucho goes, 'oh pollo pollo, you pollo'. So, 'you eat the chicken, you eat the chicken'. And he's not waving at me with his finger, he's waving at me with some very large pistol. So I start eating the chicken and literally, I am three mouthfuls into this stuff, right, I've got drooling down the side, I look like a vampire, Marta's going 'wipe your chin, wipe your chin you look like you're bleeding'. And I go, 'I can't... I can't... I can't eat anymore', and I literally was like, by the time we got into the four by four and tried to drive back to the hotel I was actually like nearly like sick, passing out. And she's like,

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 10 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

you know, 'get yourself together Ross, get yourself together, you've just had four mouthfuls of chicken'. I said like, 'I need something, I've got food poisoning, I know I'm gonna be really sick, I'm gonna be really sick', and so she went off and the best thing she could find for whatever it was, severe food poisoning, was a it was a bottle of pepto bismol, which is an American anti-acid which is also bright pink, right. So I neck this, bad idea, I neck this and within seconds I was like a Roman candle at both ends spraying pink. Now I know that this won't make a food programme but it was quite a scene inside that bathroom.

James Acaster Oh it will.

Ed Gamble Oh man.

Ross Kemp And I literally passed out and I woke up about seven or eight hours later and I was just sick for like three or four days. So Chucho's revenge.

James Acaster But, you still married her?

Ross Kemp I never married his sister and I definitely didn't marry the girlfriend when I got home either.

James Acaster Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread Ross Kemp?!?! Popadoms or bread?!

Ross Kemp Yeah, it's gonna be sort of like Afghan flat bread. They make the best bread and it's it's ginormous. Think a three times size rugby ball. And and they make it, they can make it anywhere, they're just amazing people the Afghans. Yeah and so yeah, it's that kind of bread. I think it's quite healthy for you as well. I love all sorts of bread, they don't often love me but I love that kind of flatbread, really like it, particularly when it's it's grilled and crispy, it's just come straight off a skillet or off a stone slab. And it's got that crispiness to it, the bubble, it bubbles up and sort of goes slightly brown and crispy, I like crispy stuff.

Ed Gamble To go with your chicken salad did Chucho give you just a ball of dough as well?

James Acaster Yeah, eat the dough!

Ed Gamble Eat the dough!

Ross Kemp No but I've found, honestly, I've found a lot of the Afghan people I met to be so generous, so kind and when they have nothing will give you as much as they could. Unlike Chucho who would rather have, he gives you, they say the lead or the silver, la plomb o la plata, he was the lead or the chicken.

James Acaster Yeah. You know what tv show I'd like to commission is every episode is the same as Ross Kemp on Gangs, it's all the same gangs, all the same people, but instead of you hosting it, Steve McFadden is hosting it and we get to see who the toughest one of the Mitchells is, proper. That's what I want. I

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 11 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

want to send Steve McFadden out to do the exact same things that you had to do and see how he fairs.

Ross Kemp Do you know what, James, he has to deal with the BBC canteen everyday so he's got enough problems. I'm joking, the BBC canteen is very very nice but yeah. I mean, I'd be very happy to see him get that commissioned.

James Acaster It would be a good laugh right?

Ross Kemp Yeah it would be! You'd have to ask Steve, I dunno.

James Acaster But would you be watching it, fingers crossed, you know, that he cries every episode and that you're the toughest?

Ross Kemp I think I think Grant was always the more cry-y of the two, the two chaps. Although he could turn the tears on if he wanted to, he's a very very good actor. And you know, I think a lot of actors in soaps, I mean, I think they've changed over the years because everything happens so much quicker now and people aren't given as much time as they used to. But, you know, him and I used to work really well together and I really enjoyed the years that we worked and you know, he's just, he's a very good, he went to RADA, he's a classically trained actor. And that's often sometimes forgotten about, a lot of the actors that find themselves in soaps, a lot of them are just really really good actors.

James Acaster Yeah man. How many, I want you to know that everything you just said I took it in and it's brilliant, however, I wanna know how many mouthfuls of the raw chicken you think Steve McFadden could eat.

Ross Kemp Do you know what, he doesn't eat meat, so none! He'd probably have taken the lead. Yeah he's a pescatarian from my recollection, yeah he doesn't he doesn't eat doesn't eat chicken or anything like that.

Ed Gamble But you'd still be texting him going, 'yeah Steve, you should buy her a toy back, that'd be a lovely gesture'.

Ross Kemp 'Go to a petrol station, buy a fluffy toy and give it to his sister'. I mean and also, I got chastised for doing it as well, everyone was going, 'well everyone knows that that's an engagement present in El Salvador'. I said, 'well I didn't read that on the kind of guide'.

James Acaster We come to your starter. Is your starter something that you've had on your travels or from elsewhere?

Ross Kemp So, the sashimi would definitely be in Ulan Bater, oysters kilpatrick is probably gonna win and that's after because, generally, I made a film in Papua New Guinea and I made a film with sort of motorcycle gangs of Australia. My wife's Australian so it was really handy, and I went to Indonesia and made a film about pirates, that we could always meet where she's from which is Cairns, in the

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 12 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Northern, like North Queensland. And there's a restaurant I go to there called L'unico, it's full of lunatics. It's a very interesting place because mostly you can't swim in the sea because of crocodiles and because of all the poisonous things that are in there: jelly fish that are the size of your thumb nail and have more poison in them then a cobra. But you can look out across the sea there and again, it's about memories and it's about what food evokes inside you. And it was always a massive relief to get there because I'd like either, I mean the motorcycle boys were pretty dangerous but they weren't as bad as being in Papua New Guinea and having people shoving guns in your face or dealing with, at one point there were seven pirates up a tree and I never thought, that's gotta be a poem or a song one day. I want to hear Eminem do seven pirates up a tree! These guys, they'd literally get bamboo poles and they'd kind of like tie them together and they'd speed up behind ocean-going container vessels, these big ships that carry you know these multi-storey big, you know those big shipping containers. And they'd get the boat and then they'd just climb up, right. And they'd have like a cheap panga, a cheap kind of like knife, a long knife, tied around their neck with a big ribbon. And then they'd find the skipper of the ship who's generally asleep because they do it at night. They'd take control of the ship because most of them knew how to, they'd rob all the crew, they'd take all the money out of the safe, there's often a lot of money. They'd skim down, cos one bloke basically was keeping a small speed boat at the right speed. They'd skimmy down and they'd be off. And they showed me how easy they could get up the side back of the ship by pulling it on an island, we went to an island, dessert island, on one of their boats. And these guys were just such athletes, you know they could climb up a forty, fifty-foot pole. I tried man, I just could not get one foot on it. So how did I get to, so doing things like that, always going back to Cairns was always a real relief for me. I have another starter which is from a restaurant called Poule Au Pot which is Ebury Street in London, I lived in Battersea for like twenty-eight years and that was one of my big treats, to go across to Poule Au Pot, the posh restaurant. But the French guys in there were absolutely fantastic and they make a cheese quiche that I I defy anyone to beat.
James Acaster Oh wow.
Ross Kemp In terms of fluffiness, cheesiness, crispiness, loveliness. But I'm gonna go for the oysters kilpatrick with my wife, before she was my wife, looking out of L'unico across, across the ocean.
Ed Gamble Is that where you saw the sun was coming down and you knew you wanted to spend the rest of your life with her and you pushed a little box across the table and she opened it up and there was a tiny little cuddly toy in there?
Ross Kemp No you know what, you know actually honestly, I actually got engaged to my wife after coming back from Haiti and witnessing so many people sadly who had died at a cholera epidemic. So I was like, we went out and we collected bodies with the body collectors and I met her in New York, I went down to the diamond market, bought her a diamond and I went down on one knee in the Bowery Hotel and asked her to marry me there.
Ed Gamble It's a classic sort of romance, Ross.
Ross Kemp Do you know what I did though? Do you know what's a really stupid thing to do before you do that though? I was given some Haitian rum and I think it's got more than rum in it.
James Acaster Right.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 13 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

Ross Kemp And I drank about what I was thought was four or five sips and it was more like four or five large glasses. So I was a little bit squiffy when I went down on one knee.

James Acaster Didn't come up for a while.

Ross Kemp Ah mate, no. It could have been very messy. Luckily she took pity on me. Yeah so definitely, Oysters Kilpatrick. And for people who don't know it is Oyster with Worcestershire sauce and maybe sometimes a little bit of, little bit of bacon on it. But I prefer it just, the heated up, the hot oysters with Worcestershire sauce.

James Acaster Ah, the hot oysters.

Ross Kemp Yeah, so you grill them, you can make them at home. Chop up lardons, small lardons, you obviously need the juice of the oyster in the oyster. There are people who say that's cardinal sin you should never do it. And I do like cold oysters as well with you know, lemon and a little bit of Tobasco. But this is just an Australian obviously an Australian thing, it's called Oysters Kilpatrick.

Ed Gamble Lovely.

James Acaster By the way, I'd like to know what kind of a tree that was, that they climbed. Because when you said, 'seven pirates up a tree', I was like, if that's a palm tree, I don't know how they've done that.

Ross Kemp Well it was a big tree, it was on an island. And I can, do you know what, it's quite a famous island because it was involved in the Nutmeg trade which was really big in the East Indies, it was called the East Indies in those days. So yeah there's some pretty quite quite big, it might have been a nutmeg tree for all I know, but it was quite a big tree, yeah.

James Acaster Are there quite a lot of branches up this tree and each pirate is sat on a different branch? Or are they all just huddled up together somewhere?

Ross Kemp Do you know what, the great thing about what I do I can say is, it's on camera so you just gotta look up pirates and there's three programmes, don't go to the one in Somalia, don't go to the one in Nigeria, go to the one that's done in Indonesia and Malaysia in the Malacca Strait and you'll see six pirates up, or seven pirates up a tree.

Ed Gamble Because you saw so much mad stuff like that, did it ever start to wash over you or were you always like, 'oh my god that's seven pirates up a tree'?

Ross Kemp I think, do you know what, on the way back I jumped off the boat and they got really angry with me, I just wanted to start, do something mad and it just like was one of those surreal moments. So I just thought, I mean we were close to the beach, it wasn't like, you know, I did it in the middle of an ocean. I don't think it ever does, I think honestly that you I think if you did, then you wouldn't be doing your job properly. And I mean a lot of people say, you know, you're not a trained journalist,

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 14 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

you're not this, you're not that. I'm a documentary maker I guess, and part of what I do is I try to be as honest and as straight as I possibly can do in terms of telling both sides of the story and walking the line. I've just made a programme about people in the UK who keep lions and tigers in their back gardens and other dangerous wild animals and gosh that's a hard one to walk a straight line over because you you automatically feel very much on the side of the animals. But some of the some of the owners are just such interesting characters. They're not the Carole Baskins and they're not necessarily the Joe Exotics, but you know, anybody that wants to keep three hundred and fifty kilos of killing machine in their back garden has to be interesting, right?

Ed Gamble Yeah.

James Acaster I mean if you're their neighbour, you're not asking for your ball back, put it that way.
Ross Kemp That's correct. I tell you what, there's four thousand cats in captivity in people's back gardens in the UK

Ed Gamble Wow.

Ross Kemp Which is absolutely jaw dropping isn't it? I've got, cos I've got the numbers here, there's two hundred and seventy-four primates, there's one hundred and fifty-eight crocodilians there's three hundred and thirty-two scorpions and one hundred and six venomous lizards.
Ed Gamble That's insane.
Ross Kemp It is, isn't it? I think it is.

James Acaster Are there any other things that you've refused to eat or disgusting things you've eaten before we get onto the main course?

Ross Kemp One thing, I was in the Congo at a really bad time, it was probably the most heart-breaking film I've ever made and I met an amazing man called Dr Mukwege who went on to get the Nobel Peace Prize but very difficult man to talk to because he basically looks after people who have been mutilated, had bits of them chopped of, and he was just an incredible man, he was, you know he was so busy he was looking after people, why would he want to talk to some Westerner who, you know, is not really going to help the plight of any of the people that are suffering around him. But, while I was there we went and we got in a UN helicopter and went right into where the rebels were fighting and it was basically, it was Hutus and Tutsis so the, the genocide that happened in Rowanda moved over into the East and DRC and, very brutal, very brutal war with child soldiers etc. But I was presenting, went to a place, we got two cans of tuna off the local market and two guys tried to come into my room that night and steal it off me and I managed to kind of like defend my way away from them, they pulled a knife on me and they were going, 'oú est le boeuf, ou est le boeuf, ou est le boeuf?', they're going, 'le boeuf ici, le boeuf ici le boeuf ici', with my CSE grade one French. But they managed to leave me but I got a number of guys, I got I was on a mattress, that was the other thing, I got mosquitoes, I got, they were beating the sun going down and beating the sun going up. And they were watching black hawk down below us and all these guys were dripping in grenades, AK47s, but they bizarrely wear white wellington boots so they all look like, you know

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 15 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
kind of like, they've got berets on, they are as tough as hell, but when you look down at their feet they've always got white wellington boots on, which always made me like slightly titter, slightly. But they were clapping every time an American solider got shot, I think they took us to the Americans so I was just waiting for them to come up the stairs and shoot us. I got through the night with no sleep whatsoever, really dehydrated, too scared to go to the toilet, so I weed in my little bottle and I was confronted with breakfast, which I have a picture of still. It's a skillet and it was a porcupine, not prepared, a porcupine, and a baby primate that had been cut in four. You know, a primate, let's be clear, a primate that had been cut into four bits and left on the skillet.
Ed Gamble Oh my god. I mean
James Acaster Oh my christ.
Ross Kemp Hang on, I'll show it to you.
James Acaster Ah yes, please do. Just gone off to get the photo now from his cabinets.
Ed Gamble Oh it's in his book.
James Acaster Here we go.
Ed Gamble There it is.
Ross Kemp You can see the porcupine's little claws there
James Acaster Oh yeah, ah yeah. There it is. Oh god. Yeah thank you.
Ross Kemp I, yeah I've, I've never been a great favour of every kind of bush meat that I've been offered and you know, I've had some fantastic meals in all sorts of parts of the world where they eat that stuff and some people really like it but it's never been for me, I have to say.
Ed Gamble So you didn't have any porcupine or primate?
Ross Kemp No. I couldn't man. And also, when I opened the can of tuna. So I had this can of tuna that I'd defended with my lie the night before, we hadn't really eaten properly for about, I mean, woe is me, but that's the longest probably I've ever been without ever having any food on any job that I've done and I opened it up and there was this dry little disk and I looked at when it had been canned and it had been canned in 1986.
Ed Gamble Oh god.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 16 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ross Kemp So it was about nearly twenty years old or something. It was, yeah, a waste of canned tuna as well, but there you go.
James Acaster Also you said you had to wee into your little bottle...
Ross Kemp Yeah and I was tempted to drink it once or twice yeah
James Acaster Is that like the little tin cup in the Scottish mountains? Is that like...?
Ross Kemp Yeah!
James Acaster So, let's go to happier times and your main course.
Ed Gamble Well hopefully happier times. Who who knows what's gonna be in the main course.
Ross Kemp Well there's two moments, I love grilled fish right, I always have done. And i love, we were in a place called East Timor early doors as well, on Gangs, and it's it suffered a bit as a country, but we'd filmed there. We'd actually gone out there with the wrong stock to film so we actually, instead of staying there for like three weeks we were actually out there for nearly two months. And there's very little you can do, after a while I had to get rocks hurled at you, with the UN troops who are trying to stop the uprising. And they use a thing, I'll show, I'm doing these kind of like, I'll get up and show you something, hang on.
James Acaster He's just got up again to his shelf.
Ross Kemp They fire these things which I would describe as a twelve inch nail with a point on the end and a hook. Now the hook's important because that's caught by the kind of Dennis the Menace slingshot.
James Acaster Right.
Ross Kemp And it's made out of wire.
Ed Gamble Right.
Ross Kemp Right. And on the end of it there's like flails from a rice bag, and they wrap that around where the head of the nail would, where you'd hit it normally. And they flatten this out and they sharpen it, it's quite a sharp point, and then they dip it either in faeces or state poison or toe poison.
James Acaster Yes.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 17 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ross Kemp But these guys were just amazing with these things. They had them on like a little pouch on their hip and they bring out this, you know, laughable little Dennis the Menace things with lots of elastic bands on the end of it and the metal hook that links from the elastic bands form one end of the branch to the other end of the branch. And then they can zip these things off like they're firing a pistol.
Ed Gamble Wow.
Ross Kemp and they like have practice on melons at about five or six metres. And they wouldn't miss.
James Acaster So let me get this straight Ross, your dream main course is a flattened nail dipped in shit?
Ross Kemp Cos I'm that 'ard, alright?
James Acaster Do you know what, that would be amazing!
Ross Kemp Well I mean we'd had a hard time with people aiming things like that to us, and I mean that was only the tip, you get me, of the ice burg. But we finished filming like and they just like found us a nice restaurant and the local fixer Mauricio found us a local restaurant on the beach, this big fish had been lied out, it had been split in two, it was grinning, there were beers. And we were sitting there sipping our beers just eating this beautifully, just freshly out of the sea, moist fish. I think there might have been French fries there, a bit of salad, everybody's chilled. The sun goes down across the ocean. Wow, we've got through this. And we were right at the end of the bay of Dili, Dili, being the capital of East Timor, and Mauricio who should have been there, we're going, 'where's Mauricio?', there's no mobile phones service or anything like that so `where's Mauricio, what's happened to Mauricio'. Mauricio drives up in his little Suzuki jeep, open top jeep, he goes, we must go we must go. I said, 'we're not leaving Mauricio, we've just, mate, we're just eating fish mate, we're on our sixth beer, we're not going anywhere man, we're just gonna like just lay here until the sun comes back up again'. He said, 'you have to go now, look across the bay, look across the bay, look across the bay', and there's like this kind of fire going on but you can't work out and he said, 'that's your hotel'. And they'd basically, there had been another uprising because there was an uprising every other day when we were there and they wanted to burn down the records office so that they could do a land grab. The only problem was that the records office joined our hotel so the flames had gone across the roof and they'd set fire to the hotel.
Ed Gamble Oh my god.
Ross Kemp So that was my grilled fish moment out the way, but I've always loved grilled fish. But my favourite I will go for is from the Hutong restaurant in Hong Kong, not that I go there on a regular basis. It's a really, I like hot food but not uber hot and the first time I went there I just had the regular, not the cooler version of the crispy soft shell crab with Szechuan chillies and it comes in this big kind of wooden basket. And even though the soft shell crab has been sort of like dipped in this chilli and then deep friend and then deep fried and then they put chillies all over it, it actually, if you get it at the right temperature, with the right drink, it is probably the closest that you get to having sex without having sex. So, absolutely, my favourite main course would be the soft shell crab.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 18 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp

Ed Gamble What's nice about the soft shell crab in comparison to the grilled fish is that when you finished it you didn't look up and see where you were sleeping was burning to the ground.

James Acaster A nicer memory.

Ross Kemp Yeah I was looking across, I was looking across the Kowloon, as far as I can remember and it was definitely not burning to the ground. But that, honestly, you can't make that, and also there's a true story about, so we do get in the vehicle and we do go down to the hotel and we get all our kit out and the hotel was actually just a little bit singed. But then we obviously carry on filming and the gas bottles inside the houses that are used to cook off are suddenly going bang, right, so I'm trying to do a piece to camera and all of a sudden it was just like out of a movie, it was like, I didn't know that I was going to go to Afghan then and see big bombs going off and stuff like that, I literally wet myself when one of those canisters went off.

James Acaster Well we come to your side dish, are we sticking to the sea food?

Ross Kemp No, it's either, so I love Lebanese food and and I like the Lebanon as a country and the people in it, it's a fascinating country, it's seen a lot of trouble over the years. But I love Lebanese people and I love the food so I love that kind of baba ganoush stuff, or like kind of, or fattoush salad, so fried pitta bread, you know, pomegranates, molasses, I like radishes sliced up thinly, onions sliced up thinly, a nice green salad in that with, either with the fish or the soft shell crab.

James Acaster I know that you said nice green salad there but my ears heard ice cream salad and I got really excited.

Ed Gamble What's an ice cream salad in your mind, James?

James Acaster Just three different scoops of different ice creams all together.

Ed Gamble So just some different ice creams?

James Acaster Yeah, bowl of ice creams, we'll call it an ice cream salad.

Ed Gamble Beautiful. I think Ross we can let you have the baba ganoush and the fattoush salad as a side dish. I think we can double up on sides there because they're from the same place, I think they go together hand in hand.

James Acaster Yeah. What's the opposite of that in terms of things you've been offered to eat?

Ross Kemp I tell you one of the things I just really hated about being out in Afghan were the MREs. So I sort of like was asked to kind of give my honest opinion on what the soldiers and the marines were given when they first went out there, in the early herricks they were called, six month operations were

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 19 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
called a herrick. So I went out there for about a period of four to five years, maybe longer, five years at least. And the food got better but I remember one of the things that used to make you gip, and you had to eat it cos there weren't much else to eat, if you were doing a five or six day operation, this was before the IDs really came into play, they used to, you used to do a lot of marching and walking, whatever you want to call it, running and getting shot at basically. And, in my top pack, you'd have the meal that you were gonna eat that night and with your body armour plate and the heat, cos it was like 40 degrees, it would actually when you opened it up it would be steaming
Ed Gamble Wow
Ross Kemp You'd actually cook it through wearing your body armour. But the one thing that you'd stop to have for lunch was a thing called biscuits brown which sounds so military doesn't it? 'Biscuits brown, because they're biscuits and they're brown'.
James Acaster That sounds like my nickname.
Ross Kemp Just, I mean, what are they like? They're like a digestive that's been made with tarmac: tasteless. And what they would expect you to do is that they'd expect you to squeeze, it's in like a sachet. Like can you imagine like the sachets you get for tomato sauce, about four times longer than one of those, about the same width. And inside it was supposedly tuna, a tuna again, but it wasn't, you could see it was just eyes and tails. And in that kind of heat when you're dehydrated, squeezing that out onto a biscuit brown and trying to eat it, you just want to gip.
Ed Gamble Yeah. If someone came to your room and tried to rob you for that, you'd be like, absolutely take it.
Ross Kemp 'Ave it.
James Acaster Please take my biscuit brown, I hate it so much.
Ross Kemp Yeah take my biscuit brown.
Ed Gamble Oh please wellies white, take my biscuit brown.
James Acaster How many, just on their own, how many biscuit browns do you think you could eat in a row?
Ross Kemp Oh man, that's a question, you just wouldn't want to. And I remember, because they were in a purple kind of sachet and it as really interesting, you know what I mean, stealth company of thirty odd blokes, tough as nails, and with you know, me and my camera man attached. And you could see where we'd stopped for lunch because there were piles of biscuit brown everywhere. It's like, where were they last, I have them, I have the biscuit brown, I'm on the trail.
James Acaster Literally like Hansel and Grettel just following the crumbs to find all of you guys.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 20 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ed Gamble To a big house built of biscuit brown.
James Acaster Your favourite drink, we've talked, you've mentioned a few beers along the way so far.
Ross Kemp Yeah I do, sadly yeah I do like a beer but I found out very late on in life that I was allergic to most grapes. Which explained why I was probably angry in the morning quite a lot, particularly at the weekends. But I do like pinot noir wine, the grape and the wine that goes with it and I've sort of, luckily I've spent a lot of time in New Zealand doing films. My best mate's the doctor of sociology at Christchurch university and him and I have made it our goal to go to every vineyard and there's quite a few in New Zealand. Yeah, so pinot noir. And it doesn't really matter whether it's from the Napa Valley, whether it's from Burgundy, I think, where it originates, or whether it's from Germany, there are some really good German ones. So I thin glass of pinot noir, or a glass of Albarinho which is my other favourite sort of white wine which is Spanish.
James Acaster Lovely.
Ed Gamble I mean, I thought you might go for beer because you've been to a lot of hot countries where you've been working hard during the day and I don't think you properly taste beer until you've had a cold beer in a boiling country, maybe after being chased by a murderer.
Ross Kemp Ah yeah, true true. And, also, interesting, we didn't realise that the beer is kept from going off in Karachi because they put formaldehyde in it.
Ed Gamble Oh god.
Ross Kemp And formaldehyde, I can assure you, gives you a stinking hangover. We only had we only had two bottles of beer and we just, just me, Dave Sound, Jonathan doesn't drink
James Acaster When you say Dave Sound, it's a man called Dave who works on sound his name's not Dave sound?
Ed Gamble Yeah
Ross Kemp His name's Dave Williams but he'll, he'll hate me cos, can I tell you a true story about him as well? His name's Dave, so whenever I have to interview someone and give them a pseudonym, particularly if they're a murderer, robber or a, you know, an assassin, they're always called Dave. And it's funny after that point. When you go to someone, look obviously you can't say who you really are, we're shooting you in silhouette, would you like to have a name, a pseudonym. Do you know how many of them often came up with the name Dave? There was a guy who tortured people in Columbia, we met him in a sex hotel. This guy was a cold-blooded killer, he cuts people up for a living to find out where the stash is and he literally turned round to us and he says, 'you can call me Dave' and like, I was on the floor, right. And Dave says, 'you told him, you told him to say that'.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 21 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
James Acaster You told him to say that? Like you're gonna go up to a guy like that and go, 'before we interview you, come here, this'll be a laugh'.
Ross Kemp Exactly.
James Acaster 'That guy's name's Dave, say your name is Dave because your sort is the last kind of people he would want to be associated with, it'll be a funny little joke. Nice sex hotel by the way. Let's shoot this'.
Ross Kemp Can I tell you something about the sex hotel as well which was really really odd?
Ed Gamble Yes.
James Acaster Yeah.
Ross Kemp Cos the air con's on, it's right down on the pacific coast of Columbia which is where all the drugs go up to Los Angeles. And we had to, because of Dave sound, my good mate Dave Williams, we had to turn the air con off right, so all of a sudden this guy's sitting there, he's got a locked off camera on him, and Jonathan whose the big camera man
Ed Gamble Jonathan who doesn't drink?
Ross Kemp Jonathan doesn't drink, Jonathan Young. He's on a pedicase, you know those big plastic cases?
James Acaster Jonathan Lens?
Ross Kemp Jonathan Lens, yes you got it. And we suddenly start seeing all the finger prints because the lube is now becoming apparent but the floor is turning into an ice skating rink, right? Now I am absolutely dripping, our chap funnily enough doesn't drip at all, he's talking about cutting up his best friends, how his dad was cut up, how he thinks he's gonna get cut up, like this kind of heavy stuff, he's really trying not to get cut up this guy. Anyway, I realised I was seeing all these hand prints on all these kind of furniture and everything like that. And there's this kind of fridge in the corner that's for all the condoms and gel and bizarrely a comb- what do you want the comb for? Anyway, I certainly don't need the comb. Right, anyway
James Acaster I wouldn't have put it in the fridge.
Ross Kemp Anyway, we're doing this interview right, it's now dripping, the floor's gone like a rink full of lube, right. And Jonathan's on this pedicase and he slips off it. Now, he's about six foot five and weighs a good like fifteen, sixteen stone. The penny case goes, BANG, I jump out of my skin. This lad who we were interviewing cos we was locked with a D5 camera, he didn't move an inch. Just like, I'm

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 22 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
used to big bangs, funnily enough. But yeah, sex hotels, don't go shooting in them particularly when the towel man says turn the air con off.
James Acaster Too slippery.
Ross Kemp It's a slippery occasion.
James Acaster Before we go to your dessert, let me ask you the big question, very important, can't have you on without asking this: who do you think is toughest out of me and Ed?
Ross Kemp Oh God, I've not got a toughometer on me! I'm gonna go, Ben Williams Sound.
James Acaster The Great Benito.
Ross Kemp You can't see.
Ed Gamble Ben Sound?
Ross Kemp He looks like you can't, you know you don't argue with Ben. Ben sorted it all out didn't he, at the beginning? Ben's the toughest.
James Acaster Yeah.
Ed Gamble Oh yeah he did, yeah yeah. The Great Benito, yeah, he's definitely the toughest.
James Acaster He's written thank you in the chat like any tough guy would.
Ross Kemp Yeah Ben, don't mess with Ben, that's what I'm saying.
James Acaster Ben is pretty tough. So your dream dessert.
Ross Kemp There's two, and this is where you see kind of like the softy squishy side of Mr Kemp. when I was a kid my mum on a Saturday night, because my dad was not around, he worked as a police officer, he was a detective so he wasn't around a lot. So on Saturday nights if he was not working we would have a big meal and there were these books that came out called SuperCook. And it was like, this was before TV chefs, it was like in the seventies and she started cooking a thing called Baked Alaska which, for a kid like me was just like oh my word, what, you put ice cream in the oven and it doesn't melt? And it's got sponge on it and it's covered in meringue? Are you kidding me? This is like heaven!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 23 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ed Gamble I still don't get how it works, that is magic.
Ross Kemp I think it is, it's food magic, and that's why I still love it. Now obviously it's, it's maybe a little bit too sweet for my taste these days but for my birthday therein, from about the age of about eight to the time I was about twelve or thirteen, my mum would make me a Baked Alaska for my birthday.
James Acaster Yes.
Ross Kemp So, even though I love my nan's lemon and apple pie, god rest her soul, and it was special. Because she managed to make apples zesty and lemony, it was really really special the apple pie, the crust, the beautiful crust, Norfolk crust pastry, beautiful. I don't know why it's called Norfolk crust, I just called it that cos I was from Norfolk. But Baked Alaska for me will always do it because it's like that moment in Ratatouille, you know when he he, the rat cooks him that dish and you're expecting him to hate it and he suddenly puts his spoon in it and it goes in his mouth. And all of a sudden he's transported back to his mum coming through the door in the farm house. Now it wasn't exactly a farm house, it was a semi-detached house in Essex but I am transported back to that kitchen every time I taste Baked Alaska so it will always be Baked Alaska.
James Acaster Maybe that's, you should take that, you know whenever you're abroad filming with gangs you should take some Baked Alaska with you so that if you're feeling scared you can just have a mouthful of it.
Ross Kemp Yeah. I'll have to take it in a plastic bag and freeze it, and not take it to a sex hotel cos it will definitely melt.
James Acaster Yeah, it will be all over the place. Everyone slipping around on lube, you've got your Baked Alaska spilling all over the place. 'Why did you bring a Baked Alaska, Ross?'. 'In case I get scared! You know I get scared sometimes!'.
Ed Gamble 'You know the one rule, the one rule, never bring a Baked Alaska to a sex hotel'.
James Acaster 'We told you that Ross, you wouldn't listen'.
Ross Kemp I would imagine the Baked Alaska's have been taken to sex hotels
James Acaster Sure.
Ross Kemp I reckon it's something like, what wouldn't be taken? What dessert would not be taken? If it's got cream attached to it it's probably been taken.
James Acaster After the act, it's not gonna be referred to as a Baked Alaska anymore, that's what I'm saying.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 24 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ross Kemp Do you know what really got me about, they're called sex hotels not because all the lube everywhere and all the odd, oddly shaped furniture, it's because
James Acaster That's got something to do with it.
Ross Kemp It's because people can drive in and there's two garages. So you drive in and no one sees you come in and you kind of close the garage door and you go in one side. And the other person comes in their car and then closes the garage door and they go in, they do all their businesses and then they both leave, under the cover of darkness. I'm not sure guys, James and Ed, have you ever seen such a thing in the UK? Is there a market do you think? I dunno.
James Acaster No, I've never known of such a thing before. Did you stay the night in the sex hotel or you just met the man in there?
Ross Kemp Oh god, no, that was just one of those jobs where you just say thank you very much and you slip your way out as quickly as you possibly can.
Ed Gamble You slither out like one of Gary's lizards.
James Acaster Slide out like Bart Simpson.
Ross Kemp It lended itself to, you know when you're a kid and it ices for the first time in the winter and everybody goes out and like tries to skid across the playground? It was literally like that. It was like, bye!
James Acaster The thing is, cos we're talking to you, I know that you said when you said, when you're a kid and it ices, but because it's you I thought you said, 'you know when you're a kid and isis come in', and it was like, Ross, you've been around gangs your whole life?
Ross Kemp I sadly think, yeah, they were an interesting bunch of people.
James Acaster Oh yeah, I forgot you probably have met isis.
Ed Gamble You have met isis, yeah.
Ross Kemp Sadly I've been shot at by them, yeah, in Syria. Yeah let's not talk about them. Do you, you don't do coffee or tea do you? Do you do coffee or tea in your restaurant?
James Acaster Oh do you know what mate, if you want a coffee or tea at the end we absolutely will do it.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 25 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ross Kemp Can I tell you one of the most wankiest things I ever saw and I ever witnessed? And I can't tell you who they were but they were really uber famous people. I was taken out to a restaurant in Spain, in Madrid and it was, I think it had like more than five Michelin stars this restaurant, they were really uber celebrities and I was obviously, no one knew, no one cared and why would they. But do you know what they didn't they said, 'we have five teas, would you like to try our teas?' and I was like, 'yeah okay'. They were really excited about this and you don't get to go to restaurants well that was the only time I've ever been to a restaurant like that. And it'll be the last time I ever go to a restaurant like that. And do you know what they did, they had the tea in like kind of a big test tube with like a a cork on top and you didn't drink it, you smelt it, that was your tea. It's like Emperor's New Clothes isn't it? It's like oh no no no no, don't let them, if you pour boiling water on that, we'll have to get some more tea in. Just let them sniff it. Then charge them fifty pounds.
James Acaster So that's not what you want, you don't want to sniff some tea at the end?
Ross Kemp I don't want sniffy tea, I want proper tea. I'll have a cup of tea, I love a cup of tea.
James Acaster Milk, sugar?
Ross Kemp Just normal black tea or green tea, I don't mind.
James Acaster Black tea?
Ross Kemp Yeah, I love it.
James Acaster You've got it, we'll get you some black tea at the end of this.
Ross Kemp Thank you.
James Acaster Let me read your menu back, see how you feel about it. Water: you would like Scottish mineral water fresh out of the mountainside.
Ed Gamble Straight out.
James Acaster Popadoms or bread: Afghan flatbread.
Ross Kemp Yeah, love it.
James Acaster Starter: Oysters Kilpatrick from L'unico Australia. Main course: crispy soft shell crab Szechuan style from Hutong in Hong Kong. Side dish: baba ganoush and fattoush salad. Drink: pinot noir. And dessert: mum's birthday baked Alaska.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 26 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ross Kemp Love it.
James Acaster That sounds good!
Ed Gamble Really really good menu I reckon.
Ross Kemp Thank you.
James Acaster Yeah, really delicious. I mean I would eat most of that, I would definitely eat that, I mean listeners know I would eat that baked alaska.
Ed Gamble In a heart beat. James is actually the only person I know who would take a Baked Alaska to a sex hotel and just check in with the baked alaska, eat the baked alaska and then check out again.

James Acaster Yep, I wouldn't see anyone else, I'd go, 'a room for one please, good bye'.
Ed Gamble Yep yep. You'd send a baked alaska into the other garage in an uber.
James Acaster Yeah, I'd go in. One of us would leave under the cover of darkness.
Ed Gamble Ross thank you so much for coming to the Dream Restaurant, you've been a lovely guest.
Ross Kemp Thank you so much guys, what a pleasure and what fantastic company.
James Acaster Thank you for coming Ross but also, I should warn you, obviously you didn't research the customs of the Off Menu podcast before you came on it and you should know that when we ask you who's the toughest, whoever you choose you are engaged to. And so you are now engaged to the Great Benito
Ed Gamble Congratulations to you and the Great Benito.
Ross Kemp Wahey!
Ed Gamble Well there we are! Ross Kemp was in the Dream Restaurant, James.
James Acaster Ooh! Ross Kemp came to the Dream Restaurant, he picked a delicious meal and we got the stories we wanted going in. I was like, oh man, are we, how easy is it gonna be to get amazing stories out

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 27 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
of this guy, maybe he's burnt out on talking about them, he's done so many amazing things, maybe he's tired of talking about all this stuff. No.
Ed Gamble No. No sir. No sir. The guy is a big old treasure chest full of stories. Excellent. I loved it.
James Acaster Yeah, he goes around shitting himself and pissing himself all over the place.
Ed Gamble Another fine edition to the poo poo wee wee podcast.
James Acaster Yes. He is keeping us where we like it. This is the kind of podcast, we know what our listeners like and Ross Kemp gave our listeners what they want.
Ed Gamble It's great to finally extend the remit of the poo poo wee wee podcast to lube.
James Acaster Yeah yeah. We've been getting a bit of lube and a load of people sliding around on lube at a sex hotel. It's high time that came up.
Ed Gamble Luckily lube was not the secret ingredient because we would have kicked him out of the restaurant. The secret ingredient was chicken mince and he did not have chicken mince in his menu. So thank you Ross for coming in, we will now plug your podcast: the Kemp cast.
James Acaster The Kemp Cast, make sure you listen to it. Great journalistic podcast. That's what Ed said at the end beginning.
Ed Gamble Yeah and now you're quoting me on that.
James Acaster Yeah well this is how quotes work bebe.
Ed Gamble Go and check out Ross Kemp's podcast, the Kemp Cast. 'It is fantastic', The Times. I've made that up but that's not how quotes work bebe.
James Acaster Check out his books. He showed us that absolutely horrific picture of a porcupine and a primate that he turned down to eat for breakfast once that was in one of his books.
Ed Gamble Yeah. Good selling point for one, for that book.
James Acaster Yeah, I mean basically, I don't know which of his books that was in cos he didn't show us the front cover but your challenge as the listeners is to find what book that picture was in.

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 28 -

Off Menu ­ Ep 110 Ross Kemp
Ed Gamble Thank you very much Ross and thank you very much to you the listener, check us out on social media @offmenuofficial on Twitter and Instagram and offmenupodcast.co.uk on the internet websites list.
James Acaster Such a great thing, the internet. I learnt about it in the intro today.
Ed Gamble Thank you very much for listening, we'll see you again some time soon, good bye!
James Acaster Good bye!

© Plosive Limited 2021

- 29 -

