Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, fallen off the bone and into your ears.
James Acaster: That's Ed Gamble talking to you there.
Ed Gamble: Yes. Hello James Acaster, how are you?
James Acaster: Good thank you Ed. I like the idea of it falling off the bone and into your ears. I like that.
Ed Gamble: Would you eat something with your ears if you could?
James Acaster: Yeah yeah. I would actually. It would be quite nice. Just hold the dish up to your ear like a telephone and let your ears just munch away at it. But then where would it come out?
Ed Gamble: Oh, your nose.
James Acaster: Oh, I wouldn't really like that.
Ed Gamble: No, I wouldn't like that. You would have to hover your head over the loo.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah, not into that part.
Ed Gamble: Anyway, this is a food podcast where we have a special guest on. And this one is recorded over zoom. It's home cooking.
James Acaster: Home cooking week.
Ed Gamble: And what do we ask them James?
James Acaster: Their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink. And this week's guest is...
Both: Mae Martin.
Ed Gamble: It's series five and what a way to start. It's Mae Martin, she's absolutely brilliant. Comedian, writer, actor, her brand new show Feel Good is available now on All 4 and world wide on Netflix. So exciting, she's always been a brilliant comedian and people are absolutely lapping up this new show.
James Acaster: Yeah, I watched all of it during... it was one of the early, I remember it came out really early in the lockdown and I just ate it all up, into my ears.
Ed Gamble: Nomma, nomma, nomma. Like a buffet, which is interesting because it also has Lisa Kudrow in it who is Phoebe Buffay, so everything all links up and back to food.
James Acaster: It can't be coincidence!
Ed Gamble: So, if Mae says the secret ingredient she is out of here. That's the way we do things at the Dream Restaurant, it's your dream until it's your nightmare. And we have one ingredient that we hate that if she brings it up, we will kick her out. And this week the secret ingredient is shrimp flavoured Primula.
James Acaster: Shrimp flavoured Primula.
Ed Gamble: That tube cheese spread.
James Acaster: No thank you.
Ed Gamble: Which, you know, has its place but not the shrimp flavour, what the hell are people doing?
James Acaster: Ah, no, thank you. But I mean yeah, like you say Ed, it's got its place, but but I don't think the shrimp flavour has its place.
Ed Gamble: Fishy cheese doesn't.
James Acaster: Down the toilet.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, no way. I meant it's just...
James Acaster: If you buy a tube of that shrimp flavoured primula, just open up the toilet and empty it all in there.
Ed Gamble: And certainly don't eat it with your ears.
James Acaster: No.
Ed Gamble: Even though it's in the perfect tube to eat it with your ears.
James Acaster: Yeah, to be fair. If you are eating into your ears then it is probably quite good. Just get a, something tubed, and get it right in there.
Ed Gamble: Benito's just letting us know that it's called Cheese and Prawns, is the official title.
James Acaster: Cheese and Prawns Primula.
Ed Gamble: And he's sent us a link. I can't believe that it's actually still a thing. Because I remember it from my youth. No, there it is. 'Cheese and Prawns; perfectly cheesy with proper prawns, a flavour combination we've been told shouldn't work but just does. Don't believe us? Give it a try'. I'm gonna say, don't give it a try because it doesn't work.
James Acaster: 'We've been told shouldn't work', yeah you have been told that.
Ed Gamble: Yeah time and time again, and we're telling you again. So, if Mae picks Cheese and Prawns Primula, she's gone.
James Acaster: Sorry Mae
Ed Gamble: Sorry Mae. Hopefully she won't though, because she's very good. So, without further ado, here is the Off Menu menu of
Both: Mae Martin.
Ed Gamble: Welcome, Mae Martin, to The Dream Restaurant.
Mae Martin: Thank you so much for having me.
Ed Gamble: Whoa, that was
James Acaster:
Welcome Mae Martin to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Mae Martin: Was I late? I'm sorry.
James Acaster: Oh yeah.
Ed Gamble: That's a good point, you have added this, 'we've been expecting you for some time', relatively recently I'd say, you don't say it every time, and it does, it is pretty aggressive.
Mae Martin: It's a little, it's passive aggressive is what it is.
James Acaster: Oh yeah? I should explain. Since the dawn of time, it has been foretold who will come to The Dream Restaurant, and I've always known, I know all the guests who will ever be on it already.
Ed Gamble: Yep.
James Acaster: And so that's what I mean, is that, even since before Mae's birth, we were expecting Mae in The Dream Restaurant.
Ed Gamble: That is some time.
James Acaster: There's no tardiness.
Mae Martin: When I was just a twinkle in my mother's eye.
James Acaster: Does your mum have twinkly eyes?
Mae Martin: Yeah very
James Acaster: She sounds like a genie as well.
Mae Martin: Yeah, she may have been.
James Acaster: If your mother could grant you three wishes, what would you want them to be? If you were to ask for three wishes of your mother?
Mae Martin: Oh... specifically... oh well I would want her to forget some things that I've done. If she could just put out of her mind some of the sort of traumatic episodes of my adolescence, that would be good.
James Acaster: Yep, just choose three of those.
Mae Martin: Yeah, maybe trick her into thinking that I have a PHD.
Ed Gamble: So, your wishes for your mother would be to just like mess with her mind right?
Mae Martin: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Make myself look better by totally deceiving her, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's fair enough. I enjoyed that. Now we always ask, 'does your mother have twinkly eyes', but that's the only time it's never felt creepy.
James Acaster: Yep, we always ask does your mother have twinkly eyes and we always ask, how is your little clay man?
Mae Martin: Oh thank you so much for asking! He's really well, he' on the shelf behind me there, I don't know if you can see.
Ed Gamble: I'm gonna need some background
Mae Martin: No, I don't think so.
Ed Gamble: Okay.
Mae Martin: No, basically in lockdown I, the only creative thing I've done in lockdown is I bought some clay online and I made a little clay man and then as soon as I'd built him I became kind of obsessed with whether he was a benevolent or a malevolent energy in the flat. And like, I wanted to destroy him at one point but I was like, then I'll be cursed. So I've kept him, he's up back there.
Ed Gamble: So you've come around to the clay man now. You think he's a benevolent force?
Mae Martin: It's more like I'm stuck with him now, whatever his influence is, he's here now.
Ed Gamble:
Well, also just to let you know that for the podcast when we ask you what you want for each course, we'll also be double checking what the clay man will be having.
Mae Martin: Oh, okay, yeah yeah.
James Acaster: We'll also ask what the little clay man wants. Um, when you say you'd be cursed, er why, why is that?
Mae Martin: There's something about, I really anthropomorphise objects and things and, especially, you've created a man from clay, like some kind of God, and it seems um, dangerous to destroy him. I dunno, he seems, I could show him to you but I think you've seen him
James Acaster: I saw him from a distance
Mae Martin: But he looks real, you know. I dunno, I dunno, I just don't want to risk it. It's the same way that, on my death bed, I wouldn't say like, 'oh I don't believe in God'. Like, just I don't want to risk it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, sure.
Mae Martin: You know, so I don't want to destroy the clay man just on the off chance that he comes alive at night.
Ed Gamble: Isn't there more of a risk of him coming alive at night if you don't destroy him?
Mae Martin: Yeah, that's a really good point.
Ed Gamble: So maybe just take his legs off or something.
Mae Martin: That's a good idea. Best of both worlds. He's still there
Ed Gamble: Yeah, best of both worlds. Maim the clay man.
Mae Martin: Maim him, yeah. Dismember him.
James Acaster: Maim Martin.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I was just about to do that. Damn it.
Mae Martin: That's my wrestling name.
James Acaster: Ed's a bit hungover today. Usually, I wouldn't have got in there first on that.
Mae Martin: Why, what were you doing last night?
Ed Gamble: Drinking alcohol.
Mae Martin: Right.
Ed Gamble: I went to meet my friend and I had not seen him in a long time and apparently that was an excuse to drink an obscene amount of red wine and then just sort of waddle home. And I can't do it anymore, I just can't, I can't do it. So today has been an absolute write-off. But luckily, I allowed it to be a write-off because I knew we were interviewing you later and I was like, 'I'll try and get over this hangover and I will have achieved something'.
Mae Martin: Yeah!
Ed Gamble: Unfortunately, I have not got over the hangover and I apologise in advance for not getting in there quicker with my puns.
Mae Martin: With Maim Martin.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Well I was thinking of it as Maim Artin.
Mae Martin: Oh yeah, Maim Artin, of course, that's right.
James Acaster: It's already in your name.
Mae Martin: Yeah, Maim Artin. I like it.
James Acaster: Also, a little clay man figure is a form of art so Maim Artin works.
Mae Martin: Yeah, and maybe that would be my sort of wrestling technique, would be dismembering people and be like, 'I made you and I can break you', something like that.
James Acaster: Just grabbing them and asking them if they're malevolent or benevolent, or whatever it is. I can't even say them now.
Mae Martin: Yeah.
James Acaster: I would like, if the wrestler was asking that as the question. 'Are you malevolent or benevolent?! Tell me!'.
Mae Martin: 'Friend or foe?!'
Ed Gamble: You ask the crowd, you're like, 'what do we reckon, malevolent or benevolent?', and if they shout malevolent you break their legs off.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Mae Martin: Yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah. No legs!
Mae Martin: And if they're benevolent what do I do? Just like kiss them or something?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, give them a little kiss, you put them on the shelf. You put them on the turn buckle like it's a shelf, so you display them. Yeah.
James Acaster: Still or sparkling water Mae?
Mae Martin: Still. One hundred percent still, no question. If I wanted salty water I'd have a, drink a bodily fluid you know.
James Acaster: Do you speak to every waiter like this?
Mae Martin: I'm right that it's a bit salty right?
Ed Gamble: I think that some of them are, I'd certainly, I mean shoot out to Badoit, one of my favourite sparkling waters. That's definitely got a salty tang on the back of the pallet. I'm into that though. And I wouldn't drink a bodily fluid in, to replace that. I'd stick with the water.
Mae Martin: Yeah, that's fair. No, I'm gonna go cool, crystal clear, I just, I. My friend drove to France one time and we went in a mountain stream and drank like, it was just bursting out of the mountain. It was ice cold, it was clear, that's what I want really.
Ed Gamble: Now when you say you and your friend, I'm imagining you in France with the little clay man.
Mae Martin: The clay man. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
James Acaster: You and the little clay man. Who can't really go in the water; 'oh nooo, Mae!'.
Mae Martin: But he would, he's the kind of guy that would know where the mountain streams were though. Yeah.
James Acaster: 'Listen, I know where a really great stream is, ice cold water, it's gonna be great. I cannot go in the water with you, I can't stress that enough. So I'll give you directions once we get to the stream, you're on your own now, I'll watch from the car'.
Ed Gamble: From the car
Mae Martin: There is... yeah he's driving... There's something really magical about drinking water straight from the source. I have the same thing, like I really have this fantasy about eating a piece of fruit while it's still growing. Like take a bite of an apple from the tree while it's still growing from the tree cos I feel like you get more nutrients somehow.
Ed Gamble: So when you say still growing, you can like see that it's
Mae Martin: Attached
Ed Gamble: It's like midway through its growth. So you're like basically plucking an apple that's going through puberty. is that fair?
Mae Martin: Yeah, eating a pubescent apple. Yeah. Yeah, or just that it's still attached, that it's still sucking those nutrients out of the ground and I'm just eating it.
James Acaster: So you're making sure that it's still on the branch and you're just, freehand
Mae Martin: Yeah.
James Acaster: Are you steadying it with one hand or are you just...
Mae Martin: No, just, just the face going for it.
James Acaster: So reverse bobbing for apples.
Mae Martin: Yes, yeah.
Ed Gamble: What would that be called, flobbing for apples?
Mae Martin: Yeah.
James Acaster: Ah, he is hungover. Listen to that; blobbing for apples. Ah no.
Ed Gamble: Oh, come on, we're all riffing here.
James Acaster: It's a low point on the podcast, flobbing for apples.
Mae Martin: I liked it.
James Acaster: I'm sorry that it had to happen during your episode Mae. Flobbing for apples.
Ed Gamble: The thing is, sometimes James just comes after me for what I consider to be no reason and I'm gonna get loads of shit about that on twitter for ages, about flobbing for apples.
James Acaster: Yes, if I'm honest my only motivation for doing it is because I know he'll get lots of shit about it on twitter.
Mae Martin: You should never have admitted that you're hungover.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I really shouldn't have done, that was my mistake. Although to be fair, there's a run of about three podcasts where James is hungover and we really didn't let him get away with it, so it's absolutely fair enough.
Mae Martin: Okay good, yeah.
James Acaster: Would an apple be the dream fruit to do that with? Cos I'm thinking I might like to do that with a peach.
Mae Martin: I'm so glad you said that. As we were going with the apple thing , in my head I was thinking 'is it too late to say I don't want an apple, I want a peach'. A peach or, I mean, a pear maybe but it's too hard. I think a peach or like a mango, oh my god, imagine a mango. Fuck.
Ed Gamble: But with the mango if it's still attached, are you just biting in through the skin or are you like getting a knife involved in the situation?
Mae Martin: I guess I'm going through the skin but I heard about a guy, I heard about a guy who ate oranges with the peel.
Ed Gamble: Really?
Mae Martin: He'd take a bite out of a clementine and eat, and chew up the peel.
Ed Gamble: Now, I'm going to need a few more bits of information. Where did you hear about this guy?
Mae Martin: Well, I think this is a friend of mine said that his grandpa used to do it or something. But yeah, you're right, it's hearsay, it's hearsay.
James Acaster: Uh oh, the problem is, every time you say your friend, we're thinking
Mae Martin: I know, I know, me too. Yeah.
James Acaster: He whispers it in your ear while your asleep: 'My dad used to eat the clementine with the lemon peel'.
Ed Gamble: I'm just trying to work out what the clay man's grandad looks like now.
Mae Martin: Me too, I mean he's eating oranges. Yeah.
James Acaster: Well I think that sounds. I think we can definitely get you the water from the source. You can definitely have that exact water that you drank, in France, from, was it a water fall or a...?
Mae Martin: No, it was a running stream, like it had, it had almost rapids in it, like it was running quite quickly the water, and it was ice ice cold. And, I didn't, if I'm being honest, see the exact source, springing out of the mountain, but it was like, it tasted amazing. It was probably full of bacteria, I dunno.
James Acaster: It's great to have done that. How old were you?
Mae Martin: It was a couple years ago. And I'm twelve so I was ten. No, I guess I was like thirty.
James Acaster: I love it. Ed, you'd do that right?
Ed Gamble: Oh, I'd do that. I've only done. I've done something similar once, in the Yorkshire dales, we stumbled across a little stream and I filled my water bottle up from there and frolicked around in the stream for a little while. It really is delicious but then I was like frolicking with bare feet and drinking the water and then I realised I'm basically drinking my own bath water at this point.
Mae Martin: Yeah yeah.
Ed Gamble: You need to get it when it's like gushing out of the mountain right, rather than when it's like the stagnant water around you. But it really, it's a great experience. I think this is my favourite water choice ever because you've got, it's the freshest water available.
Mae Martin: So fresh. And maybe it's like, on a full moon, that you're drinking it so you... I dunno, there's some added magical element. I feel like, when you drink it, then you instantly, you've prolonged your life by at least six months. That's how I felt after I drink it, I was like, I'm going to live a bit longer, having done that, you know.
James Acaster: Do you want fountain of youth water?
Mae Martin: Oh, no. I don't want to stick, the world's bad, I don't want to, you know what I mean?
James Acaster: You're right. And actually, we've already had one person choose that weirdly, an absolute idiot, yeah. But we had someone choose that once.
Mae Martin: Yeah, and I don't want to, I was a mess in my twenties, I don't want to be back there, I'm good. If I could have a fountain of like stopping time, I don't want to go backwards I just want to arrest time. That would be good.
James Acaster: Why has no one done that as a film or a tv... has anyone done that?
Mae Martin: Arresting time fountain?
James Acaster: Just someone who just manages to stop time and stay at one age, rather than
Mae Martin: Yeah that would be good, should we do that?
James Acaster: Peter Pan, that's Peter Pan innit.
Mae Martin: Yeah, that's Peter Pan.
Ed Gamble: Vampires.
Mae Martin: Yeah, loads, loads, of
James Acaster: Yeah, vampires as well. I mean, the list goes on I guess.
Ed Gamble: Do you want us to get a bottle and fill it up from there and bring it to the Dream Restaurant or do you want us to get like a pick axe and driver the stream straight into the restaurant?
Mae Martin: I'd like you to divert the stream so that if I want a refill I can just reach down and dip my glass in to the bubbling brook. Bubbling, bubbling? Babbling. Babbling Brook. Yeah you want it to be babbling.
James Acaster: Yeah, you want it to be babbling.
Ed Gamble: Is there such a thing as too much babble though? For a brook.
Mae Martin: Oh definitely, if you're having to shout to be heard. Yeah.
James Acaster: yeah. do you know what river I'd like to drink from?
Mae Martin: What's that?
James Acaster: The chocolate river in Willy Wonka's factory.
Mae Martin: Oh my god.
Ed Gamble: I love that, of course you're the guy who watches Willy Wonka's chocolate factory and doesn't take any of the life lessons from it, just focuses on the chocolate.
Mae Martin: Yeah. And the things you want to steal from the factory.
Ed Gamble: Yeah exactly. Like you've watched that, you've ignored that someone falls in that and gets sucked up a big tube, you're just like, of course I'm going to do exactly the same thing.
James Acaster: I completely empathise with him. I don't blame him for doing it. You know, you're a kid, you go straight into a room where you can eat everything, there's a chocolate river, of course you're going to keep on drinking it.
Mae Martin: what kind of chocolate do you think that is? Like in your mind is it like chocolate milk, like drinking chocolate? Or is it like a thick, like viscous, dark chocolate, like what do you want it to be?
James Acaster: That's a very good question because in the film it looks like it is chocolate milk, but I would find it more irresistible if it was just melted chocolate thick. Like I remember going to this Jamie Oliver cafe near my house once and it didn't last long this place, it was like open for a couple months and then it got shut down and I got a hot chocolate not knowing that the Jamie Oliver hot chocolates are just chocolate bars melted down. Really hot, in a mug, and, it was one of those things where I was instantly excited and then immediately before I'd even had a sip regretted it, and thought, this is going to make me feel so bad afterwards. And I just walked around thinking, right, I've got to get a gym membership, I've got to start doing exercise, because that chocolate... It was the opposite of your water, I was like that's the years off of my life, absolutely.
Mae Martin: Yeah, it's just filled up all your veins inside you.
James Acaster: I can feel everything moving slower.
Mae Martin: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: What's the name of that place? There's a place in Fitzrovia that we went to James, do you remember, that does those hot chocolates that are just melted chocolate? And I think that you had the same reaction to that where you had one of those and I think you went and got tested for type 2 diabetes immediately afterwards.
James Acaster: Mm, I do remember. yep I do remember it, I can't remember what it was called, it was delicious. And sometimes, there, you can get mugs made of chocolate, right.
Ed Gamble: Yeah you can, yeah.
Mae Martin: Oh, that sounds good to me. Well, wait, does it, it might be too much you know?
Ed Gamble: It is almost too much, I think, when you like drink all of the chocolate and you're like, I'm really full and then you're like, oh now I've got to eat the mug.
James Acaster: In for a penny.
Mae Martin: I went to a gay bar once where there was a chocolate fountain in the middle of the gay bar. It was like a Saturday night at 1am and all these sweaty bodies everywhere and then they had this horrible chocolate fountain and it was like, why, why have you done that? Like no one wanted it.
Ed Gamble: It was a good idea in principle, it's like what's the most extravagant thing we can put in the middle of this bar, but in reality, vodka luge, fine, chocolate fountain, absolutely not.
Mae Martin: Everyone covered in sticky chocolate, no disgusting, not for it.
James Acaster: I'm surprised that at some point you didn't turn around to look at the fountain and I was just standing there with a mug. 'Hey Mae! It's 2am, this is delicious chocolate'.
Mae Martin: that would have been, you would have been the person I would least expect to bump into in that scenario. It's like, 'what's James doing here?'.
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread?!
Mae Martin: Oh fuck. Bread, bread.
Ed Gamble: There was a moment where you were like, oh no, and then you were pretty much straight on to bread.
Mae Martin: Because I thought about the question today and I weighed it up, and I was really going back and forth, and then I said to myself, after hours of going over it I was like, I'm just going to have to go with, when he says it, what comes to my mind and I, I really thought bread, only because of the butter and like a toasted baguette. There is few things nicer than that.
James Acaster: Would it be a baguette then, is that the type of bread we're going for?
Mae Martin: Yeah, yeah we're going baguette. Like warm crusty on the, you know the usj, crusty on the outside, soft in the middle. Nice butter.
Ed Gamble: Now if it's all about the butter really, have you ever considered spreading a butter on some popadoms?
Mae Martin: Oh, that doesn't appeal to me. I think with the popadom you could dip it in a nice raita or a mango chutney but no, a buttered, buttered popadom? I don't think so.
Ed Gamble: I'll be honest Mae, even as I said it I knew it was a bad idea.
Mae Martin: I know you
Ed Gamble: I thought I'd cracked it, I was like, I've never said this. We've done so many episodes of this podcast and no one's ever picked buttered popadoms and I'm going to say it and it's going to blow people's minds. And then I got half way through saying it and I thought that sounds absolutely disgusting and I'm sorry.
Mae Martin: That's okay.
James Acaster: I don't know. If there was like a fondue bowl of melted butter and I could get a warm popadom and dip it, submerge it fully, and pull it out again.
Ed Gamble: I know a gay bar that would be willing to put that in the middle of their...
James Acaster: also, you mentioned butter there, would you like to have butter straight from the source and when it's not yet matured? Aka milk from the teat?
Mae Martin: No no I would not, but I did, when I was a kid I went on a school trip to like, it was called pioneer village and you go back in time to this house that's meant to be from whenever, I didn't pay attention really to the details, but we churned our own butter and that was cool and, yeah freshly churned would be good.
And I like the process of churning so I might have my fresh water and then be like, can I churn, can I churn the butter? And see if you guys would let me churn it myself.
Ed Gamble: Will you be wearing medieval clothes?
Mae Martin: Yeah, I'll be wearing like a smock, a tunic.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Well know that you've said, 'the fresh water from the source', it doesn't seem logical to not have everything from the source and fresh on your menu.
Mae Martin: I know, like obviously if you're gonna have a fish you want it straight out of the sea.
James Acaster: Hm, freshly baked baguette?
Mae Martin: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: You don't want to have to get like the wheat from the field or whatever, do you? You can take it too far.
Mae Martin: Yeah, you can take it too far, there's a limit definitely, like yeah I don't want the milk from the teat, I want to churn the butter.
James Acaster: I do have an image of you as a school child, on that school trip arriving and they're churning the butter and you just break away from the pack and run and start, while they're churning, you run and just stick your head in there and start drinking it. And they're like, 'Mae stop it! She always wants it straight from the source, sorry we can't...Stop flobbing that cream!'.
Mae Martin: Flobbing? Is that
James Acaster: yeah that's what Ed said earlier.
Mae Martin: Oh, yeah earlier.
Ed Gamble: Flobbing for apples, yeah.
James Acaster: Flobbing for apples. Flobbing for butter.
Ed Gamble: I'm glad that's come back.
Mae Martin: When you used to go on school trips would you get, I would get absolutely manic, like, I think I was probably a nightmare. Like excitement of leaving the school I would just be so manic, like trying to be Ace Ventura the whole time.
James Acaster: What, as in doing impressions?
Mae Martin: Yeah, and just being like, 'hey everybody, I'm, look at me'. And, yeah, just like volunteering for any activity and, yeah. I think I would have been a nightmare.
Ed Gamble: I think I was just looking for opportunities to smoke cigarettes to be honest. So any time the teacher wasn't there I would be running off to smoke a cigarette. I bought a ninja star when we were in France.
Mae Martin: Really? A ninja star? Did you manage to get it back to England.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I mean amazingly there were, some of the kids' mums were there to volunteer to look after the kids on the trip because there were only a couple of teachers there and my friend's mum took it off my hands and helped me smuggle it back onto the ferry.
Mae Martin: Cool mum!
Ed Gamble: Really cool Mum. Er, my mum, slightly less cool when she found out that I had a ninja star and confiscated it because I nearly killed a neighbour.
Mae Martin: Was it really sharp?
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah it worked!
Mae Martin: Fuck!
Ed Gamble: I used to go to the back of the garden and throw it into the tree and stuff and pretend I was a ninja.
Mae Martin: Oh my god!
Ed Gamble: It went over the back wall and nearly landed on a neighbour so he was like
Mae Martin: In a neighbour?
Ed Gamble: And it nearly landed in a neighbour, so he was like, 'um, I'm sorry, I've got to give this to your mum', and my mum confiscated it.
Mae Martin: Fuck. My brother's really into swords and stuff, and rare blades, like, yeah, he makes his own chain mail and stuff and he knows all about swords.
Ed Gamble: Great.
Mae Martin: Yeah, when I, sometimes when my parents would go out. And you know when you're a kid you convince yourself that someone's breaking into the house, or we used to, we'd be like, 'I heard a noise', my brother would always go and get his sword.
James Acaster: 'Stay in bed everyone, I'll take care of this'. Could your brother make a little tiny set of chain mail for you know who?
Mae Martin: Oh my god! yes!
James Acaster: We come to your starter dish.
Mae Martin: Okay. I am nervous because like I said before, I know your fans are very rabid and I don't want to, I don't know, I don't want to be judged for my choices. But I tried to think, what do I genuinely want, I[m not trying to sound cool, I just, this is what I want. And it's a dish I've concocted
Ed Gamble: Great.
Mae Martin: It's called a cornucopia of shrimp but it's inspired by, actually a lot of my best culinary experiences weirdly James were on that like one day in Sydney
James Acaster: Yeah.
Mae Martin: When we were on tour and we had these amazing like, on a yacht, and these prawns with watermelon, and they were just huge fresh prawns, I love... You guys say prawns, I'm going to say shrimp moving forward.
James Acaster: Shrimp sounds better, to be fair.
Mae Martin: Yeah yeah
James Acaster: I've always thought that.
Mae Martin: So it's like shrimp three ways, this starter, so it's like shrimp dumplings, shrimp tempura and just like a shrimp cocktail with loads of that red sauce. And yeah, I feel like it's a gross thing to just want to eat so many shrimp, but I'm just going to embrace it.
Ed Gamble: I think, ah no, that sounds amazing. You're going to get no rabid responses from anyone over that, I think that's an absolute solid gold winner. Also, yeah you want to eat loads of shrimp, I don't think you can get full on shrimp.
Mae Martin: Yeah! No, and different sauces for each thing right? The dumplings have like a little soy thing, the tempura have like maybe a mayonnaise, like a, some kind of flavoured mayonnaise, and then just, those jumbo prawns. Cos also, in Sydney I think that we went to a dumpling restaurant that was also very famous and good and
James Acaster: Yeah, that day was great.
Mae Martin: They had these soup-filled dumplings or something. Yeah, fuck that was good.
James Acaster: It's a good day. I'm really glad that you brought that day up as well because I was hoping, going into this, I was like, I might have to really, at some point I've got to bring up the prawn platter that we had but you've beat me to it.
Mae Martin: It was the combination of like where we were in this hot sun on this boat, um the food itself just, I've never seen prawns so big and so fresh.
Ed Gamble: How big we talking?
Mae Martin: I mean they were like mini lobsters almost.
Ed Gamble: Oh wow. I have a long running sort of mind game, just somewhere where I go in my mind a lot, and I used to tour, when I used to tour with Greg Davies we used to talk about this a lot, imagining a prawn the size of a turkey and you carve it like a turkey.
Mae Martin: Oh, I love that!
Ed Gamble: And we used to, we used to call it the prawnkey, and in our, in the story of it it was invited like a James Bond villain, like a mad scientist. He'd be like, 'I have invented a prawn the size of a turkey', and then James Bond would be like, 'okay, well why am I here'. 'Well, that's it, that's all I've done, the prawnkey'. And you can take, can take big slices off it.
Mae Martin: Oh, that sounds so good to me, that texture, you can't beat that texture.
James Acaster: How often would you and Greg talk about the prawnkey?
Ed Gamble: Regularly, regularly we would talk about the prawnkety.
James Acaster: Regularly. Not just once.
Ed Gamble: In fact, look, wait there.
Mae Martin: Uh oh.
James Acaster: Ed's going away.
Mae Martin: I always think about what, what the biggest of each species of animal is. Ever recorded you know what I mean?
James Acaster: Oh yeah, absolutely I would love to know.
Mae Martin: The biggest recorded shrimp, I would love to know.
Ed Gamble: We would talk about it a lot, and within the little act out, the, he was called Doctor Prawnguff was the name of the doctor and he then he'd talk a bit and he'd go, 'I have invented a prawn the size of a turkey', and then James Bond would go, 'and what is your plan', and then he'd go, 'no plan!'.
James Acaster: Right. So you did that every time.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, 'no plan!'.
James Acaster: So every time you would talk about the prawnkey you would do that little act out first where he says, 'I have invented a prawn the size of a turkey', he says, 'what's your plan?', 'no plan'. And that's always what you'd do, the two of you?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, and we talked about it on the DVD commentary for his DVD and someone knitted, knitted us, did a cross-stitch of some prawns saying, 'no plan' with Prawnguff underneath it, so that was nice.
Mae Martin: That's amazing! So if anyone was just thinking of doing that, it's already been done.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, don't do that, already got that cross stitch so you're going to have to do me one of the little clay man.
James Acaster: Mae, that day when we had all that food, did you, what did you have at the, there was an ice cream sandwich place that we went to and I think I've brought up the ice cream sandwich that I had before because I had coconut ice cream with banana bread as the, instead of cookies, either side of it, and dark chocolate sauce on it, and it was so good. And I can't remember if you had an ice cream sandwich or if I was the only one and everyone was standing around waiting for me.
Ed Gamble: Almost certainly.
Mae Martin: No I did too, and I think it, I think it had like a peanut butter cookie involved. I think it may have been a peanut butter sandwich with just ice cream inside. I think, that's yeah cos coconut I'm allergic to, just so you know. In case there's any contamination cross-contamination in the kitchen of this restaurant.
Ed Gamble: Are you allergic to nuts and coconut or is it just coconut?
Mae Martin: It's just coconut, and to be fair I've never been tested, but I think I am. Or I might just not like it, but I, whenever I eat it I get like really bad stomach pain. And quite like red in my face, it's weird. It's a weird reaction.
Ed Gamble: Do you think it's, are you allergic to tropical things in general?
Mae Martin: Yeah, kiwi's I think, also give me a weird feeling.
James Acaster: Lilt?
Mae Martin: But it's all very, this is all very like nebulous, it's like it gives me a weird feeling, do you know what I mean?
James Acaster: So, you've got the cornucopia of shrimp, what order are you eating this in, are you, one at a time, are you going all over the place? Is there one of the shrimp that you would never follow with another one of the shrimp?
Mae Martin: I think I'm going to go tempura, dumpling, all I know is that I want to finish with the fresh prawn from the boat in Sydney, yeah, cos that was so, it was almost a pallet cleanser it was so juicy and fresh.
James Acaster: Yeah. It was watermelon, shrimp and lime juice all over it, wasn't there?
Mae Martin: Yeah. But you never know if there's some emotional reason why we're both so attached to that meal.
James Acaster: I don't think, you know, we didn't know the guy that much. For context Ed,
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I, you've definitely talked to me before about the prawn and watermelon on the boat before. I've definitely heard this story. And I'm really glad that Mae brought it up because I think for you James this story occupies quite an important emotional part of your brain.
Mae Martin: Same.
Ed Gamble: And if Mae had not mentioned it and then you brought it up and she was like, 'I don't remember mate, no idea', I think you would have been absolutely destroyed.
Mae Martin: No this, the funny thing was that he was a heckler. He had heckled you the night before and it was this man in his fifties
James Acaster: Well he was asleep. So he was no the front row of the gig and he was asleep this man and we had all, I mean, I think I'm not doing anybody a disservice if I say this. So basically, it was the Sydney Arts Festival and they were doing comedy there for the first time, normally they're just doing arts stuff. There was a Spiegel tent, every night there's a mixed bill comedy show on and it was Mae, myself, Josie Long, Sam Campbell and Steen Raskopoulos
Ed Gamble: Great line up.
James Acaster: I don't think I'm doing any of us a disservice when I say that every night apart from maybe one night we all died on our arses.
Mae Martin: Every. And without exception. All of us, it was. Cos it was quite a heterogeneous mix of people and the audience, it was in a tent, they didn't know what... We bombed so much.
James Acaster: So badly, and we couldn't figure it out. There was one night where we did well and then for the rest of it it was a nightmare. And that guy was asleep on the front row one day. And I kicked off about it and was like, 'I cannot believe this shit, we're here dying every single night and now a guy's asleep'. And then afterwards he was like, 'sorry you all died again, sorry that I was asleep, do you want to come on my Yacht tomorrow?', and we all just said yes'. And I think only me you and Josie did it.
Mae Martin: Yeah, so we went on the yacht and he had his wife in the galley making this meal and that was the only element of it that was a little bit shady was that she, she never emerged, and when she did she was like very scuttly, like, 'I'm so sorry, I'll just bring the food and disappear'.
Ed Gamble: Was she acting like it was quite normal that he'd invited loads of comedians from the previous night's show onto the boat?
Mae Martin: Yeah kind of, she was sort of very meek this woman.
Ed Gamble: In my mind, he invited you onto the boat, you all got onto the boat and then he immediately fell asleep again.
James Acaster: I think he probably did fall asleep, I mean, he was pretty chilled. I mean that's the reason why I think the food must have been amazing because we were excited to be on a yacht, sure.
Mae Martin: Yeah, first time on a yacht.
James Acaster: But it's not like we were super best buds with this guy who had fallen asleep at the gig the night before, and his wife in the galley. So like, we didn't know either of them that well, and it was like, oh it's nice to be on a yacht. I think it's because, so this is my take on it, when she brought up the platter of the prawns with the watermelon on it, I thought, this will be shit.
Mae Martin: Yep.
James Acaster: Because, it didn't look amazing, it didn't look like, okay, yeah fine.
Mae Martin: Yeah, it's been prepared in a boat in a shitty little kitchen, but it was just the quality of the ingredients and the simplicity and just the lime juice or something. And just a glass of cold prosecco, just like, it was really nice.
James Acaster: I think that was it
Mae Martin: Yeah it was really nice
James Acaster: The glass of Prosecco was lovely
Ed Gamble: So you saw that and thought, this is going to be shit, that's exactly how the audience felt before your gigs in Sydney started.
Mae Martin: But they were right, and we were wrong.
James Acaster: So we come to your main course Mae. Is this from Sydney as well?
Mae Martin: It's inspired by, it's not the meal but it's inspired by what Steen cooked us on that same culinary adventure that we were on. It's, I'm going with a very classic and I thought about more exciting choices and I just kept coming back to that I want a lamb roast with really good gravy and I want horseradish instead of mint sauce.
Ed Gamble: Oh, now that's a bit of a left turn for lamb.
Mae Martin: Yeah I know.
Ed Gamble: You're fucking with the programme.
Mae Martin: I mean I'll have mint sauce on the side
Ed Gamble: Oh no no don't get bullied into having mint sauce Mae. You've made your horseradish bed.
Mae Martin: I just want the lamb to be like falling off the bone you know. Cos our friend Steen on that same trip made us this slow cooked Greek Lamb dish that was, he cooks it over night I think, it's like just rosemary and garlic and, I don't know why haven't chose that. I think it's because, I want a roast.
James Acaster: I was very late to enjoying lamb I think because like in England it\s not always done well everywhere. But Australia and New Zealand absolutely knock it out of the park, it's incredible.
Mae Martin: Yeah, maybe I want it in New Zealand or something. Also, is this weird, I, the times I enjoy a roast the most is when I'm hungover and so I kind of want to have a hangover for this meal.
James Acaster: Ed?
Mae Martin: Because you know a Sunday roast, you're hungover. Yeah, Ed?
James Acaster: Transfer your powers.
Ed Gamble: That's fine, yeah you can have some of this one. I've, I'll, there's plenty to go around.
Mae Martin: Why is that, why do hangovers just make? It's so satisfying, you're hungry, it comes to the table.
Ed Gamble: there's something quite yeah, there's something quite warming and nostalgic about roast dinners I think as well and they make you feel safe, I think that's kind of what you need in a hangover, you don't need any sort of, anything edgy if you've got a hangover, you've got gravy and potatoes. And I mean lamb is, for me, king of the roast meats.
Mae Martin: I agree. And I want the potatoes with rosemary. I want, ah this is a bit of a curveball, I want cauliflower cheese.
James Acaster: Ah, where is the best cauliflower cheese that you've had?
Mae Martin: I think in the 90s at home. I think my dad just would make a really, just really cheap cheese as well. I like basic, cheap children's food basically. Did you guys know that my dad's a restaurant critic? That's his job.
James Acaster: What? No.
Ed Gamble: And that has come up in what I would say, too late into the podcast. You should have opened with that.
Mae Martin: Yeah, he's a restaurant critic and a food and wine writer. And like he wrote a book called The Man Who Ate Toronto and it's a picture of him eating Toronto on the cover. And he, so in the 90s we would go to all these, we were so lucky cos it was free food and we would go to these restaurants. But it was the 90s so it was a lot of like sun dried tomatoes and Alfredo sauce. And yeah a lot of garlic, like heavy 90s kind of Italian food. But it was, it was great.
Ed Gamble: That's amazing. I mean we always get nervous when there's critics in The Dream Restaurant obviously but
Mae Martin: Oh, who have you had?
Ed Gamble: Grace Dent
Mae Martin: Oh wow!
Ed Gamble: Jay Rayner.
Mae Martin: Wow.
Ed Gamble: The two most fearsome food critics. But as far as I'm aware they've never eaten Toronto.
Mae Martin: Wow, right exactly. My dad, he did one time an article where the premise of the article was that he'd go in disguise to the restaurant. So he put on the maddest disguise, just this crazy wig and he looked like Austin Powers. And of course it attracted way more attention than, he had everyone saying, 'whose this mad man in full movie make-up?'.
James Acaster: We have not asked you what the little clay man wants for starter or main course.
Mae Martin: Well I'm hoping he doesn't eat like my hopes and dreams, I hope he eats like normal foods. But he looks almost like he could eat worms or something, he's a bit like Gollum from Lord of The Rings. Like maybe he's sort of in a sunless cave and he's eating raw fish or something. But no, I think he'd want to eat you know a little cookie, a cookie crumble or something. For all three.
Ed Gamble: Basically, if he malevolent he's eating worms but if he's benevolent he's eating cookie, cookie crumble did you say?
Mae Martin: Yeah, I don't know what that is.
Ed Gamble: No, I don't know what that is either but it sounds good, you've invented, is it like an apple crumble but you've replaced, replace the apples with cookies?
Mae Martin: I guess so, I mean I just thought of it, but yeah!
Ed Gamble: That sounds amazing.
Mae Martin: Wow, I like that a lot, yeah.
James Acaster: I would absolutely eat that, I think this lamb dish is unfaultable, you can't fit pick any faults in it.
Mae Martin: Thank you. It's about the gravy, it's about the sides, the horseradish I'm glad that you've gone along with that.
James Acaster: Is that something you do, just in life you put horse radish with lamb? Do people give you get a hard time for it?
Mae Martin: yeah, I mean sometimes you get a snarky waiter, if you're having a pub roast and you've ordered like the chicken or the lamb and you're like, 'can I have some horseradish on the side' and they're like, ugh, and they give you a little look, but no I would always order a side of horseradish. Yeah, defo. I like a food that will clear my nasal passages, you know?
Ed Gamble: Oh I'm so on board with that, yeah.
Mae Martin: Wasabi, Schezuan
Ed Gamble: It's the only reason I get ramen, is to completely empty my head.
Mae Martin: Actually, speaking of straight from the source, you could, maybe grate like raw horseradish. Would that be cool? I dunno.
Ed Gamble: That'd be cool. That's yeah that's like, wasabi is basically Japanese horseradish right, you're supposed to have that straight from the source. Yeah we'll bring in a whole fresh horseradish and just grate it all over your lamb.
Mae Martin: When you guys were kids were you the type of kid who would eat things as a dare? Like eat really hot things as a dare to be funny and stuff? Like I would eat
Ed Gamble: Of course I was, yeah.
Mae Martin: Of course, yeah, me too.
James Acaster: As a dare?
Mae Martin: With your ninja star eating wasabi. Yeah I used to eat wasabi, or spoonfuls of salt, or things like, anything to make, try to impress people, I don't know.
James Acaster: what would the reaction be? What were you feeding off of there Mae?
Mae Martin: Well you'll know if you've done this, there's like a moment of a gratifying laugh or a like, 'oh this kid's wild, what a rebel'. And then there's this long process of you being so nauseous and like, trying to rinse your mouth out and kind of feeling quite sad and kind of pathetic, sitting at the back of the bus like burning.
Ed Gamble: I used to do that far too late on in life as well, like I'd do a, you know in pubs, they don't really do it anymore, they serve snacks in like pint glasses, there will be like a pint of wasabi peas, I could, I'd try to chug a pint of wasabi peas quite often. The only difference being, from what you were saying was that it was never a dare, I did it just off my own back. And it's horrible, you can feel it, it just makes, you can feel it through your nose, it really gets to your nose doesn't it?
James Acaster: No dare. Would you say that before you did it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, no dare.
James Acaster: & Ed Gamble No dare.
James Acaster: Your side dish Mae.
Mae Martin: I'm gonna have please a lobster Mac and cheese.
Ed Gamble: Oh yes.
Mae Martin: Yeah. Big chunks of lobster, lots of black pepper on top, yeah cos it's rich, you don't want a whole thing, you want a couple of big spoonfuls I think.
James Acaster: Yeah, I'd agree with that. It's the kind of dish that you only want as a side dish really, I don't want it as a starter.
Mae Martin: No
James Acaster: That's gonna, it's too big.
Ed Gamble: That would kill the rest of the meal.
James Acaster: I don't want it as a main, I'd be sick. A side dish is perfect.
Mae Martin: And I want it served in a nice little pot, like a little clay pot, maybe.
James Acaster: Oh no.
Ed Gamble: The poor clay man is going to, 'that's my mother'.
James Acaster: 'What have they done to you? They've dumped you full of lobster and mac and cheese.'
Ed Gamble: I do, I might have said this on the podcast before. I think I always like the idea of Mac and cheese and then when I'm actually eating it, it's never as good as I hope it could be.
Mae Martin: Oh, interesting.
Ed Gamble: I think it's always just, I just want, I want it to be cheesier and cheesier. I almost think, yeah I want melted cheese really, I want a river of melted cheese.
Mae Martin: Yeah, you want like a sharper cheese maybe.
Ed Gamble: Mm I think so. But the lobster really helps I think.
Mae Martin: Definitely. Maybe some bread crumbs on top? Mmm
Ed Gamble: Mmm.
James Acaster: I think I've talked about my favourite ever Mac and cheese on the podcast before but I had it at a wedding and they put jalapeños in it.
Mae Martin: Oh that sounds good.
James Acaster: I could eat that forever, that was incredible. Benito's just said, 'yes you have' on the chat.
Ed Gamble: The bane of Benito's life is editing out things that we've already said on the podcast before, because I've definitely given my hot take on mac and cheese before as well.
James Acaster: I think lobster Mac and cheese is the perfect side dish. Again, I mean I don't know why you were nervous, you're nailing this so far.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Mae Martin: Thank you. I'm really pleased.
James Acaster: And now we come to the drink, where others have fallen down in the past famously Joel Dommett with his protein shake.
Mae Martin: Oh, come on. I'm going to go with, it's so hard to choose a drink that would go with everything so I kind of didn't think about that, I just thought what's my favourite drink, and I'm going with a classic whiskey soda. So, a shot of Jameson, I know I was down on soda water before but soda water and fresh lime. Very refreshing. I think I started drinking them because Jude Law drinks them in The Town to Mr Ripley and I was like, that guy's pretty cool. And then I sort of taught myself to like them and now it's all I kind drink. Like not during the day but you know.
James Acaster: Right, let's say someone says to you, Mae Martin for the rest of your life you're only allowed to eat and drink what a certain character in a certain movie has.
Ed Gamble: Oh good.
Mae Martin: Yeah, this type of question fills me with such joy. This is great. So the actor or a character?
James Acaster: I'm trying to decide whether it should be a specific character in one film or if it should be an actor and all the roles they've played and you could only have what they've had throughout their whole career on screen.
Mae Martin: Because we know actors eat nothing. They eat boring food.
James Acaster: Sure. So we wouldn't want it to be an actor in real life. I think it has to be a character in a film doesn't it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Mae Martin: I think so. I'm sure in The Godfather they're eating some nice food sometimes, in those restaurants, some nice big food. But I think I'm gonna... Ahh, I said I like kid food before so I'm.. I know the characters I don't want, Rufio only eats paint or whatever.
Ed Gamble: Imaginary, imaginary paint.
Mae Martin: Imaginary food, yeah. The penguin eats raw fish. Um I think I'm going to go with, in the movie Stand By Me, it's set in the fifties, favourite film, love it. But, they just, they buy like burger meat from the burger shop and they go and make a fire in the woods and they cook it over the fire and it just is very wholesome. And they talk a lot about Pez, they love cherry flavoured pez, it's just like kid food but out in the woods, it's the whole environment, so I'm gonna go with, I'm gonna go with that. But if, I'll think about it and get back to you.
Ed Gamble: It's a bit of a theme to some of your choices you know, you're out in the woods and there's a babbling brook, you're cooking burger meat on a fire, it's a very sort of a natural, outdoors-y way of approaching food.
Mae Martin: Well, I'm Canadian, you know. A lot of my formative memories were in the woods you, in long summers.
Ed Gamble: The true Canadian choice of course would be to eat like the Mounty from Due South.
Mae Martin: Well yeah, and he probably eats like moose or something.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I think he eats moose but then of course there's, is the other character called Ray Vecchio? I don't know where that's come from.
James Acaster: It sounds like someone else who eats paint.
Ed Gamble: The New York cop right?
James Acaster: The thing is with the Stand By Me thing is that you've also got to see a dead body at some point.
Mae Martin: Yeah, that's true. But you know I'm not, I'm not averse to it because it's a coming of age thing for them, I'm sure it would be for me as well.
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Yes, the other character from Due South is called Ray Vecchio and that is, I can't believe I know that, and that's one of those pieces of information when it pops up, you go, what space is that taking in my mind? What is not there that should be there that I know that there's a character in Due South called Ray Vecchio.
James Acaster: I think that's a good answer, the Stand By Me kids. I don't really know what I would choose, I was thinking about Side Ways, I'd like to try all the wine they have in Side Ways.
Mae Martin: Yeah, they make it seem really good. But sometimes people that talk about wine are bullshitting a bit and it would all be a bit samey after a while.
James Acaster: True.
Ed Gamble: If we can stretch it out to tv characters, if that's possible, you mentioned The Godfather, Mae, made me think, Tony Soprano. The Sopranos food I think is just incredible, it looks so good.
James Acaster: Mm. I don't know why I'm saying mm, I've never seen it but yeah.
Mae Martin: Yeah, we've never seen it.
Ed Gamble: Oh, it's just a lot of amazing Italian American food.
Mae Martin: Big things of like sharing pasta.
Ed Gamble: Veal cutlet. A lot of fried veal, delicious.
Mae Martin: Oh yeah. When I was a kid growing up, all my stories start with that phrase, 'when I was a kid'. It's so embarrassing. Move on, you know. I, on the street I grew up on the corner there was a schnitzel restaurant, it said, The Best Schnitzel in Town, and, I never went there. It's not a good story but I always thought about it.
James Acaster: When did you start drinking these whiskey sodas? When did that become your drink? Would you say it's your drink?
Mae Martin: Yeah. Definitely, I'd say around twenty. Before that it was just, you know, whatever. Like I didn't know my limits. When you're a teenager it's terrible. There's a beer in Canada, they're called Cold Shots, and it's like ten percent beer and it tastes awful, like garbage, and I would drink those in my teens a lot. Yeah about twenty years old, I was like, now I'm a big, a big man, have some whiskey sodas like Jude.
Ed Gamble: It is funny how we get influenced by that sort of thing. Like I think I only started drinking whiskey because like because of Mad Men or because of like, cool people drink it in films.
Mae Martin: Totally.
Ed Gamble: And I now like the taste but I'm sure there was a moment where I was like, 'I'm just going to have to power through this because I want to look like Don Draper.
Mae Martin: Yeah, coffee's like that at first.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Whiskey looks delicious in films before you've ever actually tried it. It looks like it's literally just a caramel drink that must taste like orange and caramel. Christmas oranges and caramel just all in a glass. And then you have it for the first time and it's like, what the, why are people drinking this? But then I had a Rob Roy, and I know I've definitely said this on the podcast before Benito before you say anything, but a Rob Roy, to me, tastes like how I imagined whiskey to taste like when I originally saw whiskey.
Mae Martin: What is it, a Rob Roy?
James Acaster: Bitters, whiskey, red vermouth. I think that is all that is in there but my oh my, when I discovered those, I was drinking them all the time. Come home, shake them up, slurp it down.
Mae Martin: Would you really shake one up?
James Acaster: Yeah, well we had a cocktail, my friends at the time, well my flat mates , they were proper serious about cocktails, so he made me one, one night, a Rob Roy, I wanted to know how to make it. He said it's the easiest thing in the world, so I used there cocktail maker when I got in from a gig, felt really great. I loved it, I loved shaking it up, pouring it out.
Ed Gamble: If you're drinking alone is it more or less depressing when you use a cocktail shaker.
James Acaster: Excellent question Ed. More.
Mae Martin: Yeah I think it's more, it's less cool and more depressing. Yeah yeah.
Ed Gamble: The more you do for the drink when you're by yourself then the more depressing it is. So if you then put an umbrella in it or a little sparkler or something. A cherry
Mae Martin: Oh, the sparkler's tragic, yeah. And like the lighter's not working and you have to ....
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you cry and you cry and it puts the sparkler out. Yeah really depressing actually, yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah, it's not great. I mean yeah, I definitely, when I was doing the shaker and I was on my own I didn't feel brilliant.
Ed Gamble: Well I did a pickle back by myself in the kitchen the other day.
Mae Martin: What's a pickle back?
Ed Gamble: A pickle back is a shot of bourbon, and then you chase it with a shot of pickle juice.
Mae Martin: Wow!
Ed Gamble: And it's absolutely delicious and I love it but it's not something you should do by yourself standing up in the kitchen because it's a pretty bleak moment in your life.
James Acaster: But these are lockdown times.
Ed Gamble: A shot by yourself is sad. Yeah, these are lockdown times and I've just actually made some pickles, mainly because I know that I'm gonna drink the juice with bourbon.
Mae Martin: Mmm that sounds good to me. Yeah it's lockdown, all bets are off. Definitely, all bets are off. I ate a jar of peanut butter one night.
James Acaster: What, the whole jar?
Ed Gamble: What in one sitting?
Mae Martin: Yeah, in lockdown.
James Acaster: Again, very surprised it's taken this long for this to come up in a food podcast. 'I've recently consumed an entire jar of peanut butter in one sitting'.
Mae Martin: Cos I've been working out and my friend said, 'oh peanut butter's good protein, oh you should...', and I was watching Honey I Shrunk The Kids, a classic, and I had a jar of peanut butter and a spoon. Absolutely disgusting image, just on my own. But it was delicious.
Ed Gamble: But you know when they say peanut butter's a good source of protein they don't mean a whole jar of it, right?
Mae Martin: Yeah. Yeah, they mean like a protein bar, don't they?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, they mean like, serving suggestions with peanut butter's crazy as well, it's like, a teaspoon is enough protein or enough calories, it's a bit like, hmm, as if anyone's ever gonna do that. I'm with you, I'd go to town on the jar like a big yoghurt.
James Acaster: What kind of peanut butter was it? Crunchy? Smooth?
Ed Gamble: Good question.
Mae Martin: Um, it was, it's the, it's called Natural Earth. But it's not the really healthy kind, it's like, it is still sort of sweet and salty. It's not, I don't like the ones where you have to stir the oil in. You know what I
Ed Gamble: Oh yep. Time for me to shout out my favourite peanut butter: Manilife. Manilife peanut butter, M-A-N-IL-I-F-E, absolutely changed my life hone I found Manilife peanut butter quite recently, it changed my mani-life, and you can quote me on that. I ordered like the kilogram bucket of it as well.
Mae Martin: Oh wow, I'm going to google it.
Ed Gamble: What I would say, if you order to the one kilogram bucket you're going to have to restrict yourself Mae, you can't eat one of those in a sitting.
Mae Martin: What if I'm watching Honey I Blew Up The Kids? The sequel.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, then you've got to. You've got to send us a picture of you eating an entire bucket of peanut butter in front of Honey I Blew Up The Kids.
James Acaster: Yeah cos then you've blown up the peanut butter as well, haven't you?
Mae Martin: Yeah, yeah
Ed Gamble: No surely, then, you should watch Honey I Shrunk The Kids again cos then you can pretend you've shrunk.
Mae Martin: Oh right, I see, with the giant peanut butter thing, yeah yeah that'd be good. It's a trilogy and the third one was straight to video and it's called Honey We Shrunk Ourselves, genuinely, I was googling it recently.
James Acaster: The other two it makes sense because, when he's shrunk the kids he has to go up to his wife and say, 'Honey I Shrunk the Kids'. When he blows up the baby he has to say, 'I blew up the baby', when they've shrunk themselves, she probably knows right?
Mae Martin: Yeah, she knows, yeah.
Ed Gamble: But also, it's not the, the logical next step in the trilogy is actually, Honey We Kept The Kids The Same Size, right?
Mae Martin: Yes, yeah cos it's all about the kids. Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, Honey The Kids Are The Regular Size.
James Acaster: Or, what you said earlier but with size to age, Honey I Just Zapped The Kids and They're Gonna Be The Same Size Forever and They Will Never Change Size.
Ed Gamble: That's more tragic in a way, isn't it?
James Acaster: Yeah, sorry kids, I know you feel okay today but in a few years this, you're not gonna like still being at school-aged size.
Ed Gamble: Honey I Arrested The Kids in Time.
James Acaster: Food wise in Honey I Shrunk The Kids, Mae, when he's eating the Cheerios, so put yourself in that position and you've shrunk down and you're in the Cheerios, would you, would you drink the milk?
Mae Martin: Yeah definitely.
James Acaster: Would you give the milk a little drink?
Mae Martin: Definitely I've, yeah and I'm not bothered about the fact that my whole body's in it. I'm gonna drink the milk. Yeah yeah yeah.
James Acaster: Would you? I think I would want to drink the milk.
James Acaster: We arrive at your dessert, now we've talked a lot about puddings, throughout this episode, my kind of episode. When Ed's hungover, this guy grabs the wheel. We've been talking a lot about desserts. I'm excited about this.
Mae Martin: Yeah, I'm nervous, I really, I really am torn between two things and kind of in keeping with some of the stuff we've talked about, about childhood and stuff, but, I guess I need to make a definitive choice don't I? So I'm going to say, oh fuck, I'm going to say white birthday cake, like a, like um a slice of cheap like Betty Crocker from a box, you know that stuff you make?
Ed Gamble: Uh huh.
Mae Martin: Wait, I want to go back to the other choice, I'm looking at your faces.
Ed Gamble: No, I mean look, you were still doing it but it's because you were, you've lost all confidence half way through it. Sell it to us Mae.
Mae Martin: Oh you're right. Okay, a white birthday cake, and I'm not saying vanilla, I'm saying white because
Ed Gamble: There's no flavour to it.
Mae Martin: No, it's like a white sponge but very moist with like a white icing. Yeah, that's it.
Ed Gamble: But so, you kept talking about it as if there were other things you were gonna add to it.
Mae Martin: I know I really did but that's it. But I'm gonna change my answer and I'm gonna say, pumpkin pie.
Ed Gamble: Ah okay
Mae Martin: It's a Canadian classic, yeah, pumpkin pie. As I said it I was like, that's not good enough. After the meal I've just had, I don't want to feel this chemical feeling after I have the cheap white cake. I'm gonna go, pumpkin pie, which is very divisive. Some people think it's too vegetable-y, but a good pumpkin pie, nutmeg, cinammon, pumpkin mix with whipped cream, like freshly whipped. A Canadian classic at thanksgiving, that's what we're having.
Ed Gamble: I really don't think I've ever had pumpkin pie really, you know, cos it's not really a thing here is it?
Mae Martin: Not really, but they, I can make you one
Ed Gamble: Thank you.
Mae Martin: But they sell the stuff that, like in the ins, like the pumpkin mix, it's a particular brand and they sell that in some specialty shops here and then you can make it. Oh it's really good, it's like a kind of earthy flavour. Have you had it, James?
James Acaster: Yeah, I love it, it's delicious. Growing up, my friend's mum, even though the family wasn't American but they lived in America for a short amount of time and so every Thanksgiving she would make a pumpkin pie and I would get in on that, and it was great. And also like, she was one of those friend's mum's who was like, as soon as she'd figured out what I was into she'd make more of it, so that there was more specifically for me.
Ed Gamble: I was one of those kids as well. I was the little, the little greedy boy. 'Invite Ed over again, he eats food doesn't he, he likes all his food?'
Mae Martin: But would she smuggle a, would she smuggle a ninja star back for you?
James Acaster: Within the
Mae Martin: In the pie, within the pumpkin pie.
James Acaster: Yeah, eat this carefully.
Ed Gamble: Actually, the mum who did that for me was like a proper feeder mum as well like if I stayed over, she'd be like, cos her kid was like really skinny and wouldn't eat anything and then she'd be constantly like making me peanut butter toast, she'd be like, 'do you want some more?', it was like, 'well I've had six. Two more wouldn't hurt'.
James Acaster: It sounds like she preferred you to her son.
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Mae Martin: It really does.
Ed Gamble: Because I was a fat little boy with a ninja star.
Mae Martin: I would, I would love that little boy.
Ed Gamble: Fat ninja.
James Acaster: Who wouldn't love a fat ninja?
Mae Martin: I think there's a kind of, I think you put condensed milk in pumpkin pie too and that's a really specific flavour that I really like.
James Acaster: Yeah, it is great, and I'm quite surprised Ed hasn't had it actually. It's the kind of thing that I think, Ed's been to America a lot, filmed a lot of stuff there.
Ed Gamble: Actually we filmed something for Thanksgiving in America as well, at a family's house, and I don't think I had it then either. I just don't want to eat too much if I'm filming, I think. Maybe that was it, I had to stay in character, and if I got too into the pumpkin pie, Ed would have come out.
James Acaster: Would you have pumpkin pie on Canadian Thanksgiving?
Mae Martin: Yeah.
James Acaster: Is Canadian Thanksgiving, I don't know enough about Canadian Thanksgiving. Is the story the same?
Mae Martin: What, genocide? Yeah it's celebrating the genocide against the Native Americans, yeah, it's really bad. It's so bad, but it's just now we don't, we just have the meal, it's not like my family was like toasting to the spilt blood of Native Americans. But we would have the turkey and maple glazed carrots. Oh that was a really blank response to that.
Ed Gamble: No, I'm taking it in to be honest, I was expecting James to absolutely jump on it, because you glaze anything and he's on board.
James Acaster: I thought there was gonna be more, I thought there was gonna be more in detail, I was, I was like a captive audience at that point. You said maple glazed carrots and I was like, I'm here for the full duration of this, and then you went, end of story.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, Mae you're actually quite talented at that. That was the white cake again where you really looked like there was gonna be some more detail.
Mae Martin: True true.
James Acaster: Here's the ingredients of white cake. You've got your cake and some icing. Uh, guys?
Mae Martin: Um, the Thanksgiving thing, yeah the other element is usually sprouts and then also red cabbage, like cooked red cabbage, with kind of vinegar and sugar and... Yeah really nice.
James Acaster: I've really gotten into doing that with leeks lately, of like chargrilling leeks and then doing it with vinegar and honey and getting them all over it.
Mae Martin: So nice.
Ed Gamble: James, I'm worried you're gonna burn yourself out with the leeks because this has been a lockdown thing, James has basically been in leekdown. Because, the hangover's gone!
James Acaster: I don't mind that, that's good.
Mae Martin: He's back!
Ed Gamble: I'm back baby! Forget about flobbing for apples, this guy's in leekdown. You've been having a lot of leeks, haven't you mate?
James Acaster: Yeah, well you know, I'm, at the start of lockdown I started learning new recipes, learnt a handful of things, really liked them, carried on making them for the whole time, I kept thinking, this lockdown will be over soon. So I basically just did, yeah, I've been doing myself duck breasts, those chargrilled leeks, I've been roasting loads of potatoes and broccoli. I love roasting broccoli, it's covered in olive oil and lemon and garlic, and then getting it out and lobbing it around with some parmesan and black pepper and then eating that then whole time. There's this pasta that I've been making all the time, my girlfriend taught me to make. It's quite sad that she taught me to make it because it's quite simple
Ed Gamble: What is it?
James Acaster: Slice up chorizo, fry that up, slice up just broccoli, broccoli stalks, chilli and garlic, lob all that in with it, once the chorizo's done well enough then chuck a bunch of capers in there with that as well. You've got some pasta on the go that whole time, get a cup of the pasta water, chuck that in with what you're cooking, strain the pasta out, chuck the pasta in there as well, chuck loads of parmesan, grated parmesan in there, mix it all together, black pepper. Ah, I've been addicted to that, it's so good!
Mae Martin: That sounds really good!
Ed Gamble: A lot of chucking and lobbing going on with your recipes aren't there.
Mae Martin: Yeah. This is something that I should have said at the beginning of the podcast and now we don't have time to go into it, nor should we, there's nothing to say except that my dad wrote a cookbook in the seventies, called The Seducer's cookbook, cooking for sex-ess, and it was spelt s-e-x. And it was about how to seduce women with food. Very problematic, imagine if it came out today.
Ed Gamble: Mae, you say we don't have time to go into this. Cancel whatever plans you have, we're going to need to hear more about The Seducer's Cookbook, cooking for sex-ess.
Mae Martin: Yeah, I think, he probably sold like twenty copies and he was in his twenties when he wrote it. but it was published properly and it was absolutely panned by critics cos they were not, even at the time they were like, this is weird, because it's like, how do you get inside a woman's pants by cooking. And secondly, all the recipes are like not sexy, they were all like pungent like wrong, just like kippers and stuff.
James Acaster: Kippers?
Mae Martin: Yeah I think he just kind of got a, maybe had a good meeting and got the book deal and then just panicked and wrote this... yeah. But it's, it is a real gem.
Ed Gamble: Within the recipe does it say why it's like a seductive recipe, do you have to like present it in the shape of a knob or something?
Mae Martin: Yeah it's, yeah everything's shaped like a knob. No it was like a sort of comic book, so it would give you examples of things you could say while you served it and like interesting music you could play, things like that.
Ed Gamble: I absolutely love that.
Mae Martin: The Seducer's Cookbook, it's so sinister.
James Acaster: The Seducer's Cookbook. Was he, had he met your mother by this point?
Mae Martin: Yeah I think he just kind of got a, maybe had a good meeting and got the book deal and then just panicked and wrote this... yeah. But it's, it is a real gem.
Ed Gamble: Within the recipe does it say why it's like a seductive recipe, do you have to like present it in the shape of a nob or something?
Mae Martin: Yeah it's, yeah everything's shaped like a nob. No it was like a sort of comic book, so it would give you examples of things you could say while you served it and like interesting music you could play, things like that.
Ed Gamble: I absolutely love that.
Mae Martin: The Seducer's Cookbook, it's so sinister.
James Acaster: The Seducer's Cookbook. Was he, had he met your mother by this point?
Mae Martin: No. No he had not.
James Acaster: When they met, did she know about The Seducer's Cookbook or de he keep that a secret?
Mae Martin: Yeah, I wonder if it was something he was proud of or
Ed Gamble: Well it obviously worked for your mum, right?
Mae Martin: Totally
Ed Gamble: So did she enjoy the kippers?
Mae Martin: She must have.
James Acaster: So, I'm going to read your order back now Mae.
Mae Martin: Okay.
James Acaster: First of all, this is all with a hangover
Mae Martin: The whole thing, I'm hungover yeah, for the whole meal.
James Acaster: You must have a hangover. Water: still water from a babbling French brook, diverted to the Dream Restaurant under a full moon.
Mae Martin: Yeah
James Acaster: You would like warm baguette with butter and the little clay man will have some cookie crumble.
Mae Martin: Yeah.
James Acaster: Starter: cornucopia of shrimp, it's a Mae Martin original. Tempura, dumpling, fresh. Little clay man has cookie crumble again, get's that topped up.
Mae Martin: Or worms, we don't know, he might have worms.
Ed Gamble: Or worms, yeah.
James Acaster: Or a worm actually. Main course, roast lamb from New Zealand with gravy, horse radish roast potatoes and cauliflower cheese. Side dish: lobster mac and cheese. Drink: whiskey soda. Dessert: pumpkin pie.
Mae Martin: Yeah, the only thing I would do is add some of that broccoli you just described to the roast, roasted broccoli that and then, you said tossing it in parm and pepper, yeah. Put some of that on there, get something green.
James Acaster: Absolutely, I'll add that in. I'll cook it myself, don't mind it. That sounds like a great meal Mae.
Ed Gamble: Yeah Mae, I don't, you had no reason to be nervous about that at all, that is a great meal, and, I mean you nearly had a reason to be nervous with that white cake bullshit that you nearly threw in there.
Mae Martin: I know, I'm so glad I changed my mind.
James Acaster: Well thank you so much for coming on Mae. That was a delicious meal and you've been excellent company.
Mae Martin: Thank you so much for having me.
Ed Gamble: Yes, thank you Mae, it's the genie, that's honestly the first time the genie has ever complimented a guest on their company so, you've done very well there.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Mae Martin: I'm touched.
Ed Gamble: Well there we have it, what a brilliant menu and what some lovely memories from the, from the Acaster canon.
James Acaster: Oh, it made me feel so good, I was so glad that Mae brought it up and that it means as much to her and as it does to me. And also, after the podcast, Mae sent me a photo of me, on the yacht with some prosecco and you've got Sydney Opera House in the background.
Ed Gamble: It's a wonderful photo.
James Acaster: What a day.
Ed Gamble: I've never seen you happier, quite frankly.
James Acaster: Ah, I was so happy. Weirdly, I'd completely forgotten about having prosecco on there because of how much I loved the shrimp anb the watermelon so seeing the photo of me with the prosecco was like, oh yeah, it was even better than I remembered it being.
Ed Gamble: Well maybe we can put that photo up on the socials maybe, let everyone know what a lovely time you had.
James Acaster: Yeah, I've sent it to Benito.
Ed Gamble: You've mentioned the shrimp. Luckily she didn't say shrimp flavoured Primula/ Cheese and Prawns, because she was talking about talking about shrimp and I was like, uh oh, is she gonna throw a tube of Primula in there? I'll be honest I was never worried about it.
James Acaster: Well, I, I started to think like, why have I chosen this secret ingredient for Mae? Why have I agreed that we have a shrimp thing when one of my favourite memories of Mae involves shrimp and I want her to talk about it. So I was very relieved cos, if she had said shrimp flavoured primula I would have also kicked myself out of the restaurant. I would have been like, bad waiter.
Ed Gamble: That would not have made you feel good James. Actually, speaking of Feel Good, that's the name of Mae's tv show, starring Mae, starring the brilliant Charlotte Ritchie and that's available on All 4 ad Netflix worldwide, so you should go and watch that please.
James Acaster: Absolutely.
Ed Gamble: We've got loads of other things going on James.
James Acaster: Yeah. In fact, Mae Martin has done my other podcast called James Acaster's Perfect Sounds about 2016 being the best year for music of all time. You did a music podcast as well Edward.
Ed Gamble: I did, it's called Lifers, it's about people who have been in heavy metal for decades and keep going despite all the obstacles in their way, that's available on Spotify. And also, I do a Radio X show every Sunday with Matthew Crosby and that's available as a podcast from wherever you normally get your podcasts from. We've got a lot happening. Go on Off Menu official Instagram and Twitter, offmenupodcast.co.uk, buy some Off Menu merch, we've got amazing merch, go and get it. Go onto Apple podcasts, sling us a review. Our life is just so busy James, there's so much going on.
James Acaster: Yeah, people don't understand that me and Ed actually run the website and every time you order one we've got to go over to box it up.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, print it.
James Acaster: We've got a lot of stuff to do. But we're happy to do it so that you guys get your tees, get your mugs, get your tee towels, your totes.
Ed Gamble: But for now, we're shutting the shop on the shop on the restaurant for another week, and we'll see you soon. Bye bye.
James Acaster: Take care of yourselves, have a spoonful on me.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to Off Menu podcast. Uncork this podcast about 40 minutes before you want to listen to it. Leave it on the side to aerate, you're in for a fruity treat. Hello James!
James Acaster: Hello Ed Gamble, how are you?
Ed Gamble: Very well thank you, how are you James Acaster?
James Acaster: Good thank you. I'm very well, very excited to ask our special guest her favourite ever starter, main course... oh..
Ed Gamble: Oh my God. What's happened?
James Acaster: For the first time ever I forgot what order I say them in.
Ed Gamble: Starter
James Acaster: Starter, main course, dessert, side dish, drink.
Ed Gamble: Why would you go dessert, side dish, James? Why would it go in that order? You were in the, it's the order that you eat it in and then the main course and side dish in order of importance. Why would you go starter, main course, dessert, side, drink?
James Acaster: Well if it's in order of importance it would be dessert, main
Ed Gamble: No, not for you I mean. No it's the order you eat it in and then
James Acaster: Ooh, I'd probably then go drink, side dish, starter, in the order of importance.
Ed Gamble: You're a mess, the way you normally do it is you do starter, main, side, drink, dessert.
James Acaster: Hmm, yes.
Ed Gamble:
That's the way it is on the episode. So that's the way you say it. Do you want to try it again?
James Acaster: Starter, main course, side dish, drink, dessert.
Ed Gamble: Right, okay. Good stuff. We have a special guest every week and this week our special guest is
Both: Sue Perkins
James Acaster: National treasure
Ed Gamble: National tresh. You all know Sue Perkins. Look, there's nothing more to say really I just want to chat to her. But the problem is, look, Sue's great, Sue's wonderful, very excited to have Sue in The Dream Restaurant but still, the rules apply, if she says the secret ingredient which we have decided upon that we don't like, then she's getting kicked out of the restaurant, national treasure or not.
James Acaster: 'Fraid so.
Ed Gamble: And the secret ingredient this week is...
Both: Baby corn.
Ed Gamble: Baby corn, I hate baby corn, it is bland, it's weird, it's weird hot, it's weird cold, it shouldn't be baby. I hate it.
James Acaster: Yeah, I mean, I didn't think I had a problem with it and then, I think it was my mum the other day pointed out, she doesn't really like it, and I thought, it doesn't taste of anything. And sweet corn, proper corn on the cob, tastes delicious
Ed Gamble: Yep, yep yep
James Acaster: I love it. It tastes delicious so why have we shrunk it down to a version that doesn't taste as nice?
Ed Gamble: But also, it's not, it's not even that is it, if it was like if I want a baby thing I want it to be like an amusingly small version of exactly the same food. You wouldn't give a baby corn to a mouse and it's like oh this is exactly like the mouse having a corn on the cob, it's just, it's not the same thing.
James Acaster:
That's the, that's the test, is that if you gave it to a mouse would it look like a mouse eating a smaller version of the one that we have? And no it wouldn't with this, it would be weird
Ed Gamble: You know straw dollies? I always imagine that's what their dicks look like.
James Acaster: Yeah, I think you're right! I think if you're a straw dolly, that's what your dick looks like.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: It's a little baby corn.
Ed Gamble: Awful.
James Acaster: What way around are you going there?
Ed Gamble: Sort of small tip at the end
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: I'm thinking like a tapered tapered dick, rather than a big old. Obviously it's preferable for the straw dolly to have it the other way around. But I think it would be tapered, like a clanger
James Acaster: Yeah, sure, I think so. Creepy... So!
Ed Gamble: Anyway, let's get all that smut out of our system to speak to Sue Perkins please.
James Acaster: Yes, yep.
Ed Gamble: So, this is the Off Menu menu of
Both: Sue Perkins
Ed Gamble: Sue Perkins, welcome to The Dream Restaurant
Sue Perkins Lovely to be in The Dream Restaurant
James Acaster: Welcome Sue Perkins to The Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time!
Sue Perkins Hello beautiful Genie!
James Acaster: Ah, so good to see you Perkins and, I mean, we're over zoom and there's an open door behind you, you're sat in front of an open door and it looks like that's going into your kitchen which makes us feel very, that's very appropriate.
Sue Perkins It's the biggest room in my house for good reason, in that I like disproportionate houses.
Ed Gamble: How small are we talking for the rest of the house?
Sue Perkins Tiny!
Ed Gamble: Have you got a massive kitchen and then a box room to sleep in yeah?
Sue Perkins It's basically, it's just one studio room and then an enormous kitchen. And I'm sort of quite conscious because it's the sort of kitchen that says, 'yeah, I know my way around', so I have to be on, if people come, it's not a big thing during lockdown obviously cos no one's here but outside of lockdown there's quite a lot of pressure I feel, if I'm cooking.
Ed Gamble: So do you have like some go-to things that you'll cook if people come over, to impress them, to live up to your kitchen?
Sue Perkins Well, here's the thing I've got, what I'm gonna loosely describe as attention issues so I can't do recipes because the moment I start them, I feel trapped, I feel trapped in the method. And I'm like this with all things like I can't read an autocue twice, it drives me mad, I have to make something new up. So I don't have any tried and tested things. Which is why I don't bake because baking is really about process and you can't play fast and loose with those rules; chaos will ensue!
Ed Gamble: It's amazing for someone who doesn't bake or doesn't like baking and hates reading an autocue, that you used to host The Great British Bake Off.
Sue Perkins I know, I know. It was, it was an act of faith everyday, mainly for the poor people producing it. No I love watching other people watching ovens, that's my favourite thing, it's very meditative. And I love food and so, you know, and there's no autocue and no script when we were doing it, it was just like absolute chaos. You know, I'd sit on a bap and someone would say, 'you're on a roll!' and then that would be the beginning of the show.
James Acaster: Oh, we remember.
Sue Perkins Yep, or it'd be a Croatia week and I'd go, 'hey that custard's Split!', and no-one would understand and I'd go and feel sad. Or at least it was park land that I could walk in to feel sad in, you know there was always the context of England's green and rolling hills to mitigate the unmitigated awfulness of
Ed Gamble: You could go for a broody stroll after a failed pun.
Sue Perkins Yeah! there was always land to, people were always trying to get us to have our photo taken with lambs and I wonder, I remember once finding a lamb and somebody trying to do a still and I sort of gently picked it up and it just sort of gently did a very loose shit all over me and it was very loose. I don't know what normal lamb's shit is like but this seemed to be almost a never-ending fountain.
Ed Gamble: They should have used that for the intro.
James Acaster: That would have been the best intro. If it was just you, you and Mel walking along the field and then wordlessly, you don't say anything, you just pick up a lamb and then all this shit goes down you and then the titles start.
Sue Perkins Do you want us to say, 'welcome to The Great British Bake Off', or just nothing.
James Acaster: Actually no I think. Ah, I'm very torn now
Sue Perkins It's difficult isn't it?
James Acaster: Because nothing would be really funny but also it would be funny if that happened, you stood there for a while and just said, 'welcome to The Great British Bake Off' and then started.
Sue Perkins I think you're right though. It's to do with the length of time you afford the, the sort of cascadence of shit, that need some proper quiet sort of contemplative viewing. It's like those people that just watch log fires, there might be a sort of small subset of the population that just like watching lambs shit.
Ed Gamble: There's a Netflix show where you just watch four hours of lambs shitting on a loop. Like white noise. Brown noise.
Sue Perkins Just the one lamb though! Which is an ask.
James Acaster: Yeah. The one lamb
Ed Gamble: Does the lamb get smaller and smaller over the course of the four hours or?
Sue Perkins Yes! Like a whoopy cushion but made of meat.
James Acaster: People sitting on the lamb by mistake. Slipping the lamb under people's chair. Here, here's a question about Bake Off then, if you find baking stressful yourself you're probably quite empathetic to the bakers when they get stressed
Sue Perkins Very much so
Ed Gamble: Here we go.
James Acaster: No, it's not about me.
Sue Perkins Okay, right.
James Acaster: I, one of the most, you know, one of the biggest news stories of my lifetime is the pavlova in the bin and I was wondering if you, I can't remember now who had to talk him down
Sue Perkins Oh I had to talk him down. Yeah and he was offing and jeffing.
James Acaster: And try to convince him not to put it in the bin.
Sue Perkins Yep, there was a lot of effing and jeffing which was the first time we'd had that on camera in Bake Off. I mean obviously there was a lot of it going on backstage mainly because I'm just foul of mouth but normally it's just, it's very mellow as you know but he, he really lost it and in that moment I was with him, it was life and death, and then slowly this creeping contextualising of just, I'm with a man in a tent whose ice cream has melted, this is, meanwhile in Syria, you know it's just... So I had to take him out, and we had to have little chat, a nice guy, and just say, come on, let's bring some perspective to this. Maybe, maybe not you know, somebody opened a fridge door and it might have affected the temperature. Was it, it was Ian's Baked Alaska wasn't it? That was
Ed Gamble: It was Ian, yep
Sue Perkins
Ian's... but I have to say, the aplomb with which he just, got the foot on the pedal of the pedal bin, just, it was like something out of Thelma and Louise when you see the close up of it going down. This is how I'd storyboard it if I was, if they made a movie of it
James Acaster: They will
Sue Perkins Which I think they will now
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah
Sue Perkins It's a very extreme close up, foot smashing down on the pedal bin. Hard cut to pedal bin lid, it just crisply, there was no. I don't know about you but every time I do a pedal bin it's a slow, do you know what I mean, it's a slow pneumatic wheeze as it kind of, not this, Ian bang up. And then it just slid with one motion poetically. Ah, it was, ah it was beautiful.
Ed Gamble: I was there with him like, that that is me, that's me baking. And I've tried to do a bit of baking recently. I did a carrot cake last week that turned out quite well but there was a disaster half way through and it nearly went in the bin. Luckily I had my fiancé with me to say don't put it in the bin, don't be Ian on bake off.
Sue Perkins There's a bit of Ian in all of us really, I people say, 'oh yes, but you can eat your mistakes in baking', I know for a fact most of the time you can't because I've eaten everything that came out of this tent whether it was raw, half baked. I've eaten, I've eaten... somebody made a trio of tarts and it was essentially a herring and mackerel tart and they positioned all the tarts one on top of each other but the sweet tart was at the top and it melted so this sort of rose water sort of drool ended up on a fish tart. I've eaten all of it. But I do think that you're right and that sometimes we need to be a bit more Ian and just go enough already.
Ed Gamble: Yep, put it in the bin, just get a Deliveroo.
James Acaster: Still though, a baked alaska, I think that even if you mess it up that's gonna be delicious. It was very hard for me as a dessert fan to watch a man put a baked alaska in the bin because I was like, there's no way you can't eat every bit of that and I wish my head, I wish, that if in that film that you just described, he pushes the pedal down and the lid comes up and if you look inside the bin, all you can see is my face with my mouth open and... the dream.
Ed Gamble: I think that the producers of Bake Off should look into casting James as a bin in the next series, just have him lying on the floor with his mouth open and any offcuts of raw pastry.
Sue Perkins Oh, raw pastry is the best.
Ed Gamble: Just drop it drop it straight into his gob.
James Acaster: That was actually one of the things that didn't make the edit when I was on it was me hiding behind the bin for a while. I hid behind the bin for about ten minutes on my second day because I was trying to catch Paul Hollywood and trap him in a box. And that didn't make the edit.
Sue Perkins Do you know what, it's hard to do. It's hard to do. I tried to net him for seven years, often by, I don't know if you filmed it in the same place that we used to, but there was a little stream and I would always try to sneak up behind him. Always wise to me, I've got a heavy tread, always wise to me that man.
Ed Gamble: And you stunk of lamb shit so...
Sue Perkins Always, yep yeah.
James Acaster: Also, was he cocky about it every time he caught you?
Sue Perkins So cocky. He's there like, 'I know you're there Perkins'. Because for a while, I mean ah shit, because for a while Paul and I only spoke through the medium of violence and we would, there were a lot of, early doors there were a lot of prop, like you know, sort of, quite life like plastic baguettes and he was like we'd sort of be Cato to each other's Clouseau and so we would just peer and you know, I mean really hard as well, there was no messing around. Like I'd, like I'd stab, smash a cob into his bollocks. Or he'd, I'd just finish a sort of very unformed link that wasn't really going anywhere and then he'd appear and just uppercut me with a baguette that would just knock my teeth together. And what I loved about it is we never, we didn't formulate a plan to do that, it just emerged. And I don't know whether there was some bristling sexual tension underneath it, who knows what the real subconscious driver was, but it was pure violence but with really stupid props. There was once, there was a French plait that I really got him in the twain with. He was legs akimbo delivering some I don't know interminable verdict on something that was never gonna make the edit. And I just ran and I just got it. Oh it was good.
James Acaster: When I was doing it, it was Sandi and Noel and I can safely say that all four of them really got on together, Pru, a big happy family, but I can not even imagine any of them doing any of those things. Just Toksvig finishing a link and Hollywood swinging the baguette at her face.
Sue Perkins Well most of the time if I'm doing a link with Mel we're trying to wedgie one another, that's what we, we've been doing that for twenty-five years and it's some, and I can now deliver. Also in the beginnings of Bake Off it was very, we were just finding our feet in terms of the format so there were these quite long, and I have to say deeply tedious historical sequences where I'd be in a corridor of a stately home going, 'it was in 1847 that the meringue was discovered by Murial Meringue', and I, if we did them together then I would get used to the feeling of a lot of pants material being twisted, deeply hardcore twisted, sort of creating in its own way a sort of genital French plait. And it's amazing how far I can go with a quite intense piece to camera without snapping under those conditions.
Ed Gamble: It's good training, it's good presenter training.
Sue Perkins God, I sort of think. I watch SAS Are You Tough Enough? Or whatever and I think, yeah I can smash that.
James Acaster: Yeah,
Sue Perkins What I've put up with in the line of duty, I could smash that.
James Acaster: We could just ask you about Bake Off forever and be the happiest people in the world but we need to know your menu so, we should start with as always, still or sparkling water Sue Perkins?
Sue Perkins I'm not an animal so it's gonna be still, I mean please. I read this thing about, I mean I've never liked sparkling water but I read this thing about sparkling water that it demineralises your bones.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
Sue Perkins Mineral water that demineralises your bones. Apparently it leeches calcium and I'm a massive hypochondriac and I will take at face value any negative bullshit whatsoever about medicine. So if it says that it's gonna do that on some strange corner of the internet I believe it.
Ed Gamble: So, so what does it do, it like bubbles away at your bones and makes them weaker and stuff?
Sue Perkins I'm gonna heavily caveat everything that I say from here on in with, I'm not a medical professional
Ed Gamble: Sure.
Sue Perkins And I only scraped a biology O level. But my scant readings at the margin, I mean it's almost touching at QAnon, that's how marginal the internet reading's been.
Ed Gamble: This is the lighter side of QAnon though right?
Sue Perkins Yes, exactly.
Ed Gamble: The sparkling water side of QAnon.
James Acaster: SueAnon
Sue Perkins Yep, it's SueAnon. It's something to do with, something to do with fizzy drinks leaching calcium. And the process I imagine is sort, as you've suggested, a gentle nibbling.
Ed Gamble: Like those fish that nibble at dead skin on your feet, yep.
Sue Perkins Exactly that. So the water gets into your blood stream, it hits the bone, yep, the caveat, hits the bone and there's just, it's not ferocious, it's not piranha-esque, it more of a, it's a trout tickling. Or a sucking, a sucking of calcium.
Ed Gamble: Or like a dishwasher tablet advert where you see like the cartoon of all the bubbles getting rid of the plates, that's what it does to your bones. Yep.
Sue Perkins The plates, yes. Like, like Calgon, it's that Calgon-y thing isn't it? So it takes it all and then I imagine, after a heavy night on the Perrier you wake up, you get up and you just crumble.
James Acaster: Ed were you deliberately mentioning the Calgon thing because that's what I imagine that fizzy water does to my teeth and I've already talked about?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, sort of, it's that, that's constantly in my mind now when I drink anything fizzy is that James worries that's what it does to your teeth.
James Acaster: No, I don't worry, I don't worry, I think it's nice.
Ed Gamble: Oh, he likes that in the morning in a hotel.
James Acaster: Because I think it cleans my teeth.
Sue Perkins If you were to put James a mouthful of fizzy water like, and this might have been asked before, and hold that mouthful of fizzy water, how long do you reckon before your teeth just sort of eroded?
Ed Gamble: You know what Sue, that's never been asked before.
Sue Perkins Okay alright, well let's go into some specifics, you're with SueAnon now.
James Acaster:
I'm annoyed that that's never been asked before. Well first of all it would just feel nice because they'd be getting cleaned by all the bubbles. The difficult thing is just keeping it bubbly because obviously in my head I think if it maintained the same amount of fizz for the whole time and never got less fizzy then I reckon it would, how long does it take a tooth to dissolve in a thing of Coca Cola?
Ed Gamble: Overnight they so don't they?
Sue Perkins Man that's quick.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, well again, caveat, caveat's here as well. EdAnon.
Sue Perkins EdAnon has just said one of his special facts.
Ed Gamble: Yep.
Sue Perkins You leave a tooth, any of your teeth, or your mouth overnight in cola, that's it.
Ed Gamble: Gone. Dissolved.
Sue Perkins Yep, it's the Pogues, by sort of 8am.
Ed Gamble: That's all that happened to him, he was very healthy otherwise he just had a mouthful of coke.
James Acaster: He was an absolute health nut
Sue Perkins And he just sort of randomly let it in. He fell asleep with some coke in his mouth. So yeah I don't really like, it fills me up as well fizzy water. And if you want to be full before a meal, that's the point of the bed isn't it? You know you don't want the two warring factions of fullness, you don't want the bubbling sort of aggressive mineral, sort of calcium leaching water and bread. So still water just to have sort of neutral canter at the meal itself.
James Acaster: You might not have bread of course.
Sue Perkins I might not have bread and therein lies a very serious question that I suspect you'll be posing.
Ed Gamble: Do you like other fizzy drinks Sue?
Sue Perkins Not since the SueAnon investigation into fizzy drinks, no.
Ed Gamble: I was gonna say, you are consistent with the bubbles thing.
Sue Perkins Absolutely now, it's an absolute policy and don't even think about bringing them in the house cos who knows what they're doing behind your back. No, I don't actually, I kind of, I sort of overdid it as a kid you know I was at that generation where it was just, you're off the teat at around about, you know, two weeks is enough for breastfeeding, get her on the Fanta. It's brightly coloured tartrazine filled fizzy drinks were the sort of, yeah they were the mainstay of my childhood so I kind of, I'm just scared of them now. And I don't like beer for that reason.
James Acaster: No?
Ed Gamble: Really?
Sue Perkins Quite a flat ale I can, a light ale, a pale ale I can deal with. It tastes nice.
Ed Gamble: Who knew Sue Perkins was afraid of bubbles? This is a great exclusive for us. What a scoop.
Sue Perkins Yeah, I know.
James Acaster: This is the kind of stuff that The Great Benito's gonna leak to The Sun.
Sue Perkins Yeah they're gonna love it! But yeah I am scared, Champagne I can't stand it.
James Acaster: Right, consistent.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Sue Perkins Absolutely, if nothing else.
James Acaster: Would you ever, ever in your life get into a jacuzzi?
Sue Perkins Oh, forget it. But for different reasons. So for me it's not that it's gonna leak calcium from my bones but a slick of somebody else's bodily fluids
Eg Yeah
James Acaster: Right.
Sue Perkins Like I once got into a hot tub with a shaman at about 5am. He said he was a shaman, he was called John and he was wearing a grass skirt. And he basically said he wanted to perform a ritual
Ed Gamble: Oh no.
Sue Perkins And, the ritual which was a cleansing ritual involved blowing raspberry vodka up may arsehole. And I went with it because I'm very open and I don't wish to be in any way demeaning to other people's beliefs. And I, since then, I have a very deep aversion to getting into a hot bubbling sort of arena with anybody, particularly someone wearing a grass skirt.
Ed Gamble: Sue, I'm gonna put it out there, I don't think that was the hot tub's fault. That story, that story took quite a few turns and at no point did I think, it's the hot tub's issue here.
Sue Perkins This is, you know for somebody that sort of looks quite square and nerdy like I do, I often sort of find myself, it's not an unusual situation that I would be in a hot tub with a shaman. Because just accept and go with, these are my, I live my whole life like it's an. improvised comedy.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, for me, 'yes and' would stop at the raspberry vodka up the arsehole.
Sue Perkins No, it's 'yes and', and it's never 'no but', it's always 'yes and'.
Ed Gamble: It's 'yes butt'
Sue Perkins It's 'yes and ooh'. But it's it was a very it was a very intense experience I will say, it was very well aimed and unforgettable.
James Acaster: I'll tell you the experience of listening to it, the experience of listening to you telling it, here's my experience, I was there and at the beginning of it I was like, right at some point during this anecdote I'm going to have to interrupt Sue and shout, 'popadmons or bread?!' because we've gotta get on with that next section, I'm listening to it, listening to it, listening to it and then going, it's the only time on this podcast, the whole time we've done it, I've gone, actually, I'm not going to shout popadoms or bread, I'm gonna ask more questions about this because this is ridiculous. Now it's the kind of story where you almost don't want to ruin it by asking too many questions because the bullet points alone are funny, it leaves a lot to the imagination, I think I guess what I really want to know is how John the shaman phrased phrased to you this proposition and made it sound like it was a ritual when it clearly isn't.
Ed Gamble: Is that really the question you want to ask the most?
James Acaster: Well, I guess there are other questions I would like to ask.
Sue Perkins It's a complex buffet isn't it? I hadn't realised how complicated it was until I said it out loud.
James Acaster: Imagine being in the thing, being in the hot tub and John the shaman in any way making this sound legit to Sue and being able to go, 'oh Sue do you know, now we're in the hot tub, there's a really great ritual we can do and I've got some raspberry vodka which is very convenient, do you have an arsehole? Like, if you have that and we combine them then we can do the ritual that I like'.
Sue Perkins Yes and... This was, this was at Maid's House there was a collection of really good eggs, quite esoteric, the Shaman didn't stand out, it was a sort of cabal of quite out there people and I was really into it and the hot tub came after a lot of vodka, it was like 'ah let's just all settle down and get in the hot tub'. It was then he said, and I just you know he said, 'I can sense you, I can sense you're unresolved'. Everybody in the world is unresolved but they always get you with that. 'I can sense you're unresolved', and I said, really hammered at this point, I said, 'yes John I am unresolved'. He said, 'there's two things I can do in this situation, I can, but I', and he genuinely said, 'but I don't have my eagle feather with me' that's what he said! In many ways I dodged a bullet, that's all I can say, I feel as though had I been on dry land and he'd had the eagle's feather this could have been a, it would have been the sort of anecdote that I would never say out loud. We don't know. But he said, 'I haven't got the eagle's feather with me but we could do a cleansing'. And I think the raspberry vodka was the nearest, it just needed to be a spirit and that, so he didn't, I didn't feel I needed to challenge the nature of the alcohol.
Ed Gamble: So it wasn't, the raspberry flavour was not key to the whole
Sue Perkins Oh fuck, I didn't even challenge the arsehole either, it's all fine, I didn't even challenge I just was like, 'oh I've had a few'. You know I was a bit younger, I was better put together I was like, 'yeah have a look at it everyone', and it was just BANG and it was like an explosion from his mouth, I mean it was a real 'pfff', so yes there was an awakening. So in many ways he achieved the desired effect that I was not unresolved anymore, I was very resolved and I was very resolved to never be in a foaming hot tub ever again.
Ed Gamble: This is the first time on Off Menu that when we ask you for each course we're going to have to ask you which end you want to consume it through.
Sue Perkins Yes, I want it blown rectally please, at a high tensile. I don't know what kind of mechanism, almost like a soda, it needs to be in a soda siphon and then delivered.
James Acaster:
I hate to ask more questions about this, I'm really sorry that I've got more questions, and I wish I didn't, I'm just thinking about the listener here
Ed Gamble: That's sue blowing her nose by the way
James Acaster: Yeah, just so you know. There's not a re-enactment going on.
Sue Perkins There's still some residual blowback.
James Acaster: I think the listener will want to know, cos I was listening to that story and going yeah okay, yeah and then this happened, I mean this is going to sound too graphic a question but I'm wondering if John the shaman had like a straw, or something that he would blow in.
Ed Gamble: James, just before you, thanks for asking this mate, because obviously I wanted to as well but I'm glad that you're the one doing it
Sue Perkins Listen, I mean if he'd not got his eagle feather but had brought a straw, sort of weird in a way. That's intent. Straight from the mouth. So it was like...
James Acaster: Oh man.
Ed Gamble: Oh God.
Sue Perkins Yes, it was like, it was sort of like a massive slurp and then 'pfff' like that, and it was 'pfff', a shower, which subsequently I've had done a couple of times, admittedly not rectally and admittedly clothed, with camera crews, and you know probably feeling a bit safer, on dry land. Yeah just a big, like a really highpressured spit.
James Acaster: Yes.
Sue Perkins It's a conundrum, isn't it that? Now I've unveiled it.
James Acaster: It's a conundrum because like, I mean, I want to know what he's up to know, if you've kept in touch if you know what he's doing.
Sue Perkins We didn't keep in touch, no. He was an absolutely charming man.
James Acaster:
You'd have to be
Sue Perkins I think possibly still shamanising on the west coast. Possibly storming the Capital building, we don't know, it could have gone one of two ways.
James Acaster: I bet he had his eagle feather then
Sue Perkins Oh yeah, oh that de rigeur. De rigeur, yep. So yeah, I don't know how we got into that.
Ed Gamble: We just asked you if you liked hot tubs because you don't like bubbles.
James Acaster: Yep, and I did not expect it to go that way.
Ed Gamble: It's intriguing that you won't drink fizzy water because you think it's bad for you but you'll let a man called John blow raspberry vodka up your arse.
Sue Perkins What can I say, you know, we're all made up of contradictions.
Ed Gamble: You contain multitudes Sue.
James Acaster: Yeah, I mean, to be fair to Sue, she googled it, and there wasn't anything on the internet about that being bad for you. It said it will give you the
Sue Perkins It seemed perfectly fine.
James Acaster: Yeah, it said if you're feeling unresolved, this is the way to go. Popadoms or bread??! Popadoms or bread Sue Perkins?! Popadoms or bread?!
Sue Perkins Right, I've thought about this and popadoms are a giant, one giant crisp right? Who's not going to want to begin a meal with a giant crisp. It also kind of works better for the menu I'm planning although that may change. although I love bread. I could name you a billion types of bread that I would happily eat and have along with a meal. But come on, just to start with something as wrong as popadom, it's great, it set's you up, it sets you up for all manner of ills for what's to come. Do you know what I mean? I mean, it's just a disc of fried nonsense that one feels that one has to karate chop publicly. Have you done that? There's sort of the ritual of like, 'yeah load 'em up, oh yeah, bang, there you go'. Why?
Ed Gamble:
I am worried that the pandemic has ended the popadom karate chop. I think that it's going to take a long time for public confidence to regrow enough for people to start karate chopping popadoms for the table.
Sue Perkins Yeah, you know, you're right
James Acaster: I tell you what else I worry will go away in the face of the pandemic, is blowing raspberry vodka up someone's arse hole.
Sue Perkins It's a sterile, it's a sterile fluid.
James Acaster: Yeah, to be fair, we're fine.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, we're sterile, it's happening in a hot tub, it's fine, it's fine.
Sue Perkins You're right though that those old customs, that the single karate, the loan karate chop to a stack of popadoms. I'd not thought about that, you see these are the hidden costs of covid.
Ed Gamble: The hotel breakfast buffet.
Sue Perkins Oh, gone. Although I don't do that anymore because I once ate an earring from some muesli and that really put me off. Oh God, even thinking about it makes me gip, oh God. I thought, oooh there's a high tensile hazelnut, and it was an earring, an old earring, oh and the fact that I'd eaten it. Oh christ, if I can go there now. So I won't do it. No matter how posh the hotel, I will not go for an open bowl of granola, ever, oh forget it. And I, oh the sickness is present now as I recall it.
James Acaster: Well you said you ate it?
Sue Perkins Well I crunched on it, and then I'd eaten half of it by the time I'd fished it out. And then I felt so, oh dear. So yeah you're right, yes I'm happy for the breakfast buffet to be the casualty but the karate chopping, yeah.
Ed Gamble: The popadom chop? The chopadom? Gone.
Sue Perkins But, but I think a popadom, it's filthy, it's salty, it also, it's a great balancing mechanism the popadom, it's got the rigidity should you wish to load it with stuff.
Ed Gamble: Will you be loading it with anything in The Dream Restaurant?
Sue Perkins Well, I mean listen, you've not said it comes with anything so what I might do is keep it to one side, so I might karate chop my own popadom, I understand that people at the table or other diners might not want to join in because we're in different times, that requires a different response. But I've karate chopped it, I've probably gone for half of it, I might keep half and then later, we'll see if there's a point at which I want to use it as a sort of ford onto which I can put things.
James Acaster: What dips are you usually going for with a popadom?
Sue Perkins You can forget lime pickle, that's just weird. I don't get it.
James Acaster: Oh, hold on a second.
Sue Perkins Yeah I know, that's controversial because I'm, I always tend towards sweet so it's always going to be about the mango chutney. Yeah the yoghurt is weird because it it doesn't, it just cascades.
Ed Gamble: Yeah I agree with you, it needs to be thicker for me to go with a popadom. Look it's very delicious but you're right, it doesn't, and it also makes the popadom go a little bit soggy and reduces that rigidity.
Sue Perkins Have you ever had a popadom cheese sandwich? I can't recommend it enough.
Ed Gamble: No, and I want one now. Are you talking about popadoms going a normal bread sandwich or are you talking about replacing the normal bread with popadoms?
Sue Perkins The latter. Karate chop, you've got your two perfect halves. Thinly sliced, it's going to have to be thinly sliced because it can't tolerate a thick wedge. The mouth hits the popadom, it cracks, it's an, it explodes into shards, you go into a slight panic and then you hit the cheese and it's alright, everything's okay again. And they combine to make this weird, sort of savoury, creamy corn-flaky textured mess. Delicious.
James Acaster: What kind of cheese? Cheddar?
Sue Perkins Absolutely, we're going for the most basic, entry level cheddar, don't waste a truckle on it, don't waste a truckle, don't unwax a cheese. Just go for something that's come in a multipack in your nearest sort of Costco. It doesn't matter. Yeah it's just textural.
Ed Gamble: And are you putting mango chutney in the popadom cheese sandwich. Because a chutney and cheese sandwich is delicious.
Sue Perkins Oh my god, that's an elevation, yep. And that's why I'm here because I have I have rudimentary thoughts but together we can elevate them. Yes that's perfect.
Ed Gamble: It's not that I'm giving you that as a recipe by the way because I don't want you to get distracted half way through.
Sue Perkins No, but also it's a recipe I can't follow and it's got, it's a suggestion which I can play with over time.
Ed Gamble: Great great great.
James Acaster: How did you discover the popadom cheese sandwich?
Sue Perkins Well, on the rare occasion that I'd actually got some popadoms left, and as we know they become a soggy, unappetising mess the next day, but pop them in the oven and they can work wonders. So I thought hmm, okay it's hot now, it's hot and toasty, slightly tinged around the edges, what's gonna work? Cheese. And I've got, I haven't got it anymore, I don't know what I did with it, but I've got one of these weird, my mum used to have them, she used to have all these weird, like a little cheese slicer but also egg mandolins, like an egg guillotine, that just sort of comes down and just perfectly weirdly slices the egg. but I've got, I've got a cheese slicer and thinly did that and it slightly melted, so I karate chopped it, slightly melted. Unbelievable. So I try and order extra popadoms now and do it the next day.
James Acaster: It's a shame that you mentioned the cheese slicer really because I had imagine you karate chopping everything in the recipe, just karate chopping the cheese up.
Sue Perkins Oh, no I mean, it depends, it depends what cheese. I mean I'd roundhouse kick a brie but I would, you're right, a simple karate chop to a cathedral city is probably better.
Ed Gamble: You'd need to be pretty good at karate to get a thin slice of cheese with a karate chop wouldn't you?
Sue Perkins This is going to come as a shock but I'm only an orange belt. Only an orange belt. I'm not there yet. Not there yet.
James Acaster: That's very cheesy, it's the cheesiest of belts.
Ed Gamble: yeah, it's called a Red Leicester belt, I believe.
Sue Perkins Imagine being able to so finely karate chop that you could slice cheese.
Ed Gamble: What a waste of that power.
Sue Perkins It really is isn't it. It really is.
James Acaster: I would watch a series though, of Sue trying various martial arts moves out on cheeses.
Ed Gamble: Kung food?
Sue Perkins Kung food.
Ed Gamble: Kung food, there we are.
Sue Perkins Oh Ed, take the rest of the fucking day off you prince among men. Well we've got the title. So is it set in a different continent each ep or a different food stuff, how's the, how does the format break down?
James Acaster: I think that I would have it that it's like a YouTube series each episode is like 30 seconds long but we do travel the whole world so every episode is in a different country, so it's you, just there with a different, and you know the title of the video will be the martial arts move and the cheese and it's just you doing a roundhouse kick on the brie.
Sue Perkins So I think, for the Japan one what I'd want, is an enormous tofu hanging like punchbag. and then just warming up, just getting some basic moves in there. Also you know you do the form in karate, you'd need some food stuffs that you were doing it with, so you'd bring that hand out on it would be, would be something. Yeah that is good, we need to work it up. I mean I'm no good at development because my brain is it can't do deep drill. But you know, I think there's something in it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah we can definitely do that, we'll work up a pdf.
James Acaster: If I may tweak the format
Sue Perkins Yep
James Acaster: I think I would like it that every episode we've got someone who ordered a cheese board on Off Menu, one of the stupid idiot guests that have ordered a cheese board on Off Menu in the past, and they're sitting down to their cheese board and then they're interrupted when you like fall through the ceiling or something and then just do the karate move on one of their cheeses.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, cos the cheese board would be on like a plank right? So you could just you could just kung fu chop through the whole thing, you chop through the cheese and through the plank.
Sue Perkins Absolutely, you're right, you emerge, you sort of, what you ideally want is to, when this inevitably becomes a tv version you've got somebody who's got a cheese board and you make them eat it in an atrium so you've got a glass ceiling and ideally what you want is that I've been helicopter dropped, I come through the glass ceiling
Ed Gamble: Straight through
Sue Perkins You know, in a sort of fighting pose, right through the cheese board and then supporting you know stuff like that, that's it, gone. And around me it's just sort of, you know, just detritus of sort of regional speciality cheeses, atomised.
James Acaster: Yep, I'd never miss an episode.
Sue Perkins I'll have some training to do, but it's good. I've now got a focus. What you doing? I'm just punching cheese. I started with a Roquefort but I'm gonna work my way up. I'm going to get to a Gouda by next Spring.
Ed Gamble: I'll be there as your assistant as well, just picking up all the shards of cheese and just gobbling as you're punching.
James Acaster: Yeah, he would be as well, disgusting.
Sue Perkins But you've done, you've karate chopped your popadom
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I'm ready to go. I'm good to go now.
Sue Perkins You've got that, you've got the textural elements. Because cheese without texture is. pointless. It's like eating a duvet isn't it, it\s pointless.
Ed Gamble: I'll eat straight cheese. I'm a guy who'll eat a cheese board, cheese board with no crackers I can do.
Sue Perkins There's no words for this. Do you not even have a grape to punctuate the funk?
Ed Gamble: No! Get it off the plank. I don't want a grape. I can go straight cheese, just give me a knife, or not.
James Acaster: No words
Sue Perkins No words!
James Acaster: Just actions, and I tell you what the action's gonna be. Sue's gonna chop up all the cheeses with her hands, Ed's gonna be gobbling them all up and then the final character move is gonna be Sue grabbing Ed by the back of the shirt and the back of his belt and throwing them into Trafalgar Square. Final karate move.
Sue Perkins Where you lie in a sort of cheese sweat for the next ten years.
Ed Gamble: Look, I can see James is relaxed now because I can see you're clearly not going to pick a cheese board for dessert.
Sue Perkins Oh, there is no way. That's the devil's work. When someone says what's for dessert you don't see a cheese board. A cheese board is not dessert.
James Acaster: Thank you!
Sue Perkins Somebody said, what is it, French have this weird you know they do, they talk about foods that open and close the stomach, when they're talking about degustation menus and stuff, and for me cheese
Ed Gamble: Raspberry vodka opens it up lovely.
Sue Perkins Well, that opens everything, that's nose to tail, it really is. Everything is attendant. And expectant. But for me cheese closes down everything, I can't really do it. I've no interest in it. You know, other than in between a popadom, which is its rightful place.
Ed Gamble: In popadoms
James Acaster: Starter, your dream starter.
Sue Perkins Well I don't, I don't eat meat anymore. But I've done a menu whereby I could still be eating it cos it's things that have made me so happy when I think of them, when I think of eating, so for my start I'm going to have crispy duck pancakes because it reminds me of the first time I ate interesting food, which was when I was 19, and I was taken to a Chinese restaurant, I'd never been to a Chinese restaurant, by my friend Nick. And we went with her dad and it was the first time a) that I'd eaten crispy duck but
also had food where you pick things, like you have the little shredded spring onions you have the shredded cucumber, you have the thick viscous, sweet sort of spicy oyster sauce and then you rolled it all up. But the best thing of all, it was my first restaurant with a proper lazy susan and it was like what, what brave new world is this? And the whole middle of the table just revolved, and it was like, I am never leaving, I am never getting up. My ideal kitchen would just have almost a series of concentric spinning circles with food on it and millions of people around and it would just be this endless sort of rotating camp cavalcade. So that its just such a, I mean I've been lucky, I've been all the way around the world since and eaten very weird shit, very very weird things. But that was my gateway food into other cultures and it came so late, I kind of had a, I ate really well as a kid but it was just standard British. And the idea that we'd have a takeaway was just, we'd occasionally go to a Harvesters and it would be like a slightly wetter extension of food that we'd get at home. But this was just like, what is this?! It's got texture and spice and what you might call flavour! So, that was, now I've said it out loud it was kind of weird it came so late in my life but it was massive. And now I think back to what Nick and her family must have though looking at me going, you know, sort of freaking out.
Ed Gamble: Just spinning the lazy susan around and around, just.
Sue Perkins What is this spring onion?
James Acaster: Also I love that like you know, it was the first time you'd seen a lazy susan, it was the first time that you'd had to put your own meal together and stuff and just imagining you doing your own food and hearing the phrase 'lazy susan' and just being like, 'er I'm making my own dinner thank you very much, I don't think I am lazy. I'm working pretty hard over here, I don't usually have to make my own pancakes'.
Sue Perkins Every culture has a self-assembly dish like fajitas, it's just like, oh god. You've cooked something in an oven, what do you want, you know. And you've stuck a firework in it sometimes if its somebody's birthday. How much applause do you need for this? Yes it sizzles but also it's that thing of running, I mean I'd never do it now, as I said, I don't eat meat, but the running of the fork and the meat shredding, way before pulled pork, way before all these sort of food trucks and trends. They were, you know, they knew how to roast meat slowly so that it had that texture but you still have the crispy skin which has been sort of almost cured and then you, you've got the heat from a bit of spring onion, you've got the smoothness of a bit of cucumber, sweetness from the sauce, oh god. It almost makes people want to eat meat again but not quite. It's so delicious. But it's also the lazy susan for me, it's not just the fact that this is a) as you say, the irony of it being served on a lazy susan when you're doing all the work is perfect, it's a perfect joke.
James Acaster: And your name is Sue.
Sue Perkins And my name is Sue.
James Acaster: every time that you have a lazy Susan in front of you, is there jokes about it?
Sue Perkins
Yeah, yep. And I have to make that joke very early on otherwise it will come at me and then that will really annoy me.
Ed Gamble: How do you, what joke do you do, do you say, 'I can't even be bothered to turn this'?
Sue Perkins Yes, yeah, I say, `can someone turn this for me?'. Just every time, and it's met with. it's gone from a sort of weak laugh, well through to silence and now just hostility. There's a sort of hostile expectation that it's going to happen and in those moments I enjoy it even more. It reminds me of a lot of early gigs where, before we'd even come on, there was just hatred, and that's almost my happiest place. So yes, I will make the same joke every time. It's like, oh god, not again. I'm sorry I can't be arsed.
James Acaster: I would love it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, James would love it every time.
Sue Perkins Alright, well, when the pandemic is over and we're karate chopping popadoms with gay abandon, I'll make that joke and then you'll be sad.
James Acaster: I will love it
Sue Perkins And then I'll get the raspberry vodka out and then you'll be really sad.
James Acaster: I'll be really happy with the lazy susan joke. Can I make a confession to you Sue about your name? So, and this isn't, I don't I don't get confused, like I know that you are, that you are Sue and that Mel is Mel, I know that. Okay.
Sue Perkins Yeah, as sure as eggs is eggs.
James Acaster: I do know that. But. I always, pretty much all the time, go to call you Mel because I think, in my head, you look more like a Mel and Sue.. no, Mel looks more like a Sue.
Sue Perkins I answer to both though.
James Acaster: Huh?
Ed Gamble: Do you?
Sue Perkins I answer to both, over the years, absolutely. Yeah, it doesn't matter, and she does Sue. I've seen her go down the street and somebody will go, 'oi Sue' and she'll just go, 'yes'. It doesn't matter, it's all grist to the mill. I'm wondering now, I'm looking at myself which is not an uncomfortable, which is not a comfortable thing rather, on gallery view, thinking, this is going to really freak me out now, do I look like a Mel? That's gonna stay with me. You know when you're really pissed, really really shit faced, and you look into a mirror and you're trying to work out what you are and who you are, that is going to come to me in those moments. Am I a Mel?
James Acaster: Yes
Ed Gamble: Yes, am I a Mel?
James Acaster: I just think, you look more like a Mel than a Sue, and I think Mel looks more like a Sue than a Mel.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's tricky, it's a tongue twister.
Sue Perkins Every time you say this I get really tense. It's like we're all just treading on egg shells.
Ed Gamble: I have no problems with your name because Alex Horne once referred to you as Superkins and so now that's what I think of you as, is Superkins.
Sue Perkins I always bow when I see Alex Horne. We used to, we used to do a show, in Edinburgh his show was straight after mine and you know when there's like, there's this lovely camaraderie when you know, especially when you share a dressing room in a venue or you know, your shows abut one another, it's just, yeah we would just bow as he took over the smelly room that I'd inhabited from another smelly comic and so and onwards forever. And I still do it, and I love him so dearly. See if he calls me Superkins, I'm happy with that, yeah.
James Acaster: Main course, what would you like for your main course Superkins?
Sue Perkins Right, I'm going I'm going curry and I'm not going to be specific. I make a curry about five times a week, sometimes it's a chickpea curry, sometimes it's lentil based, it might be Sri Lankan. My favourite, which is what I'd plump for, would be Southern Indian. Loads of curry leaves, coconut, and don't, I know you're going to push me to a side dish but let me say this to you, right. A planet is nothing without its moons, not a single moon but multiple moons, so for me, the joy of an Indian meal is that there is a constellation of stuff around it, okay. If you try and restrict it to just a dhal, I'll feel hard done by, okay, I would feel aggrieved, so I would go for, yeah a Southern Indian curry. Maybe, this will make your stomach turn, maybe even a beetroot curry.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
James Acaster: Wow.
Sue Perkins But it doesn't have to be, if you don't like that you can have an okra one, you can have, this is the thing, you can put anything you want in it and it's utterly delicious. So I have a camper van and when times are, were better, I would go out and I would just drive to the middle of nowhere. And in my camper van, I've usually got a couple of books, I think somebody gave me a pen knife, in the full and certain knowledge that I couldn't even open it, no idea. But it's there, and it's good to know it's there. And I've got a little flip up thing above the kitchen and all it's got is Indian spices.
Ed Gamble: Amazing.
Sue Perkins And every night I will, I'll open up the door and I will make myself a curry because it's easy. Once you know that you've got to put this this this and this in it, and a bit of oil so that it pops. And you've got a can of coconut milk, everything else is just gravy. I love it. So it would have to be that. And on the side, I'd have a masala dosa. You, have you ever had that?
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Sue Perkins So this is the same, I'm obsessed with things that, it's following on from the sort of Peking duck I suppose, is that it's stuff wrapped in a big you know comforting mitt of kind of pancake style stuff so in this case is this case it's a rice pancake. But, oh my god I could talk for hours just eulogising about how delicious that would be. And I've travelled a lot and that's always been the things. I've travelled up the Himalayas once with a couple of hot parathas in each pocket which was useful for not only my sciatica, but also you could just bust one out if you're hungry. When the altitude feels it's got the better of you, just smash that. You meet a holy man, he's hungry, you want to get, smash out the other one, that's a gift. You've exchanged something meaningful.
Ed Gamble: When you say a holy man do you mean a real holy man?
Sue Perkins Oh no they were all, all the holy men I met were just eyes on a stick. And you know I'm quite old meat now, it's not like, they must have been desperate. Cos you know, it's you'd get to a sort of, you'd think it would be then end of the pilgrimage and then a sort of saddy would come out of nowhere, out of the ether, and there would always be a ceremony which would involve, just sort of gaping at my jugs or smearing ash on something. I mean, I don't wish, as I've said at the beginning, I respect all beliefs, but in my experience I've travelled most of the way around the world now, there ain't half a lot of perves. A lot of perves, that will use the mechanism of spirituality to have a good old ogle, possibly a touch, possibly a touch. And also, I mean I've sort of written about this before but when you go somewhere
new and somebody gives you a really firm grasp, how are you to know that that's not culturally appropriate So there's a lot of just thinking, you know, this is probably, grabbing my buttocks is probably something to do with this form of Buddhism and you just accept it. It's only afterwards that there's just a slight shadow of doubt. Like with shaman, this all comes back to the shaman. There's a slight shadow of, is that really?
James Acaster: Yeah, well I'm wondering when, when the doubt crept in there?
Ed Gamble: When you meet another Buddhist when you get back home and you offer then your buttocks.
Sue Perkins Yeah, and they just bow and think, oh she's a little, she's a little strange. But yeah, it's all, that sort of food, in the midst of a pandemic in the midst of winter, it's easily made from store cupboard stuff really. And amazon or other more local and reputable retailers can provide you with curry leaves. Which is all you need to make it taste, you know.
Ed Gamble: A lot of your meal I've noticed Sue, is circles, you've got a lot of circles in your meal.
Sue Perkins This is incredibly perceptive of you, because I'm always drawn to circles, I doodle them almost constantly and I, I'm going to have to show you now which is going to be shit because it's a podcast but I'm going to show you what I'm making at the moment and this is going to blow your mind, this is going to absolutely blow your mind.
James Acaster: Oh dear, here we go.
Ed Gamble: Oh! a knitted burger!
James Acaster: That is a... oh wow!
Sue Perkins Yeah, and that is circles man.
Ed Gamble: Circles, circles all the way.
James Acaster: That is circles man.
Sue Perkins This is what I was doing before I was on the podcast, right, I was just crocheting some circles which have formed this magnificent, almost fully operational burger.
Ed Gamble:
Great! Yeah because we've got the popadom of course, we've got the pancakes for the duck, on a lazy susan, and then the dosa as well so we've got a lot of circles in there.
James Acaster: Let's not forget the arse hole as well.
Ed Gamble: The arse hole of course.
James Acaster: That's circular.
Sue Perkins Yeah, traditionally circular. Traditionally circular.
James Acaster: Everything you've mentioned, every anecdote has been circular, the lazy susan, everything.
Sue Perkins And my anus. Do you know, I have to say this since I've learnt it, I have to tell everyone that wombats poo in perfect squares.
Ed Gamble: That was in the news recently I believe, wasn't it? Weirdly.
Sue Perkins Circular anus, octocube shit.
Ed Gamble: Cubed poo.
James Acaster: Have you knitted any other foods?
Sue Perkins No but I'm quite into it now, so amigurumi is a sort of Japanese crochet of sort of creating life like things and there's an incredible thing that I've seen which is, you know when you go to sort of reputable, indie burger joints and you get like a compost paper, sort of cardboard tray, they've replicated that perfectly, and there's fries and ketchup and I still can't work out how they've done ketchup out of wool. But anyway, I'm into it. I'm bang into it.
James Acaster: I mean, have they knitted the wool or have they like, surely you could get a bunch of loose wool and just put it
Sue Perkins It's from the lamb from Bake Off, I've managed to, just while it was shitting on me, it spent such a long time I could tease out it's beautiful brown fur and I thought, I'm gonna keep that because one day I'm going to knit a beautiful hamburger. I'm gonna knit a, and I have, that dream's become a reality over lockdown. It's all good.
James Acaster: So you having the curry and the dosa, that's your main and your side.
Sue Perkins yeah, can I have that? So the dosas, potato and onions and mustard seeds and curry leaves. I make them but, cor it's a lot, you have to think about that two days before, cos you need to ferment the batter. Everything's battered, I love a batter, I don't think I've talked about, my love of batter, it's the thing that I cleave to in times of stress. You can always just make a pancake in any time, you can make a pikelet and from then you can upgrade to a crumpet. It's a world, it's a whole world. You can make a socca which is, I don't know if you've had that, that's like a chickpea pancake. Fucking incredible. Butter is the way to go. Have you had a Welsh cake?
Ed Gamble: I've had a welsh cake, I've only ever had a welsh cake when I'm staying in Wales and they leave them in the room.
Sue Perkins Do they leave them in the room intentionally? Or is it, 'oh god I've left my drop scone, I've left my...'.
Ed Gamble: yeah, it's not the previous, it's not the previous
Sue Perkins They're like, 'I've got my passport'. Apologies to all Welsh nationals, I don't know where that voice is from.
Ed Gamble: 'Right, you always forget your charger don't you, don't forget your charger, ah bollocks'.
Sue Perkins 'Ah shit Brian I've left my fucking Welsh cakes'.
James Acaster: These are good accents here, both of you.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I notice that you didn't join in.
James Acaster: I'm not very good at accents, you know I'm not very good at accents.
Ed Gamble: Go on, do an impression of a Welsh man leaving his Welsh cakes in his hotel room.
Sue Perkins Can I just say, this is going to ensure Welsh independence within the next year, what's about to happen.
James Acaster: Okay, okay, that's fine, I'm happy to help out in that department. 'Oh crikey, I've left my, I've left my drop scone in my hotel room'.
Sue Perkins It's actually uncanny.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's amazing.
Sue Perkins It was a sort of distillation of Wales, it wasn't just a, do you know what I mean? It was an embodiment.
James Acaster: So we're onto your drink now which is also circular?
Sue Perkins Well the glass is circular. I mean I can't make liquid circular unless I make it into a fluid gel and that's molecular gastronomy and that's probably a little too much for lazy Susan. I would, well I have a cup of tea with every meal so I was torn between my two favourite beverages, a cup of tea, and vodka. Particularly Bisongrass vodka. And I just sort of think I'll go for the latter because why not, it's so delicious. It's pretty weird, it's got to go with a curry and Chinese, but you know I'm all about representing and I think you have to just, you have to just try these things. It reminds me of my mate Ollie who I travel a lot with, who is, they do this thing whenever we go away, the idea is that one person orders for the group in a place where you can't read the menu and he once got a microwaved toad, and I always think of him, and he ate it. Because that's the game, you eat, whatever appears, you eat it.
Ed Gamble: Yep you've got to.
Sue Perkins It was a big, wet, bloated toad that kind of collapsed into a sort of gooey, gooey mess. And we played the game and I got a tarantula a deep-fried tarantula.
Ed Gamble: That sounds quite nice, see I think it's almost the thing that puts me off the microwave toad is the fact that it's been in the microwave.
Sue Perkins It was just gelatinous I mean the way he describes it is horror. But in the spirit of Ollie I think I will pick vodka even though it doesn't go because you must always, you must embrace all flavours and textures even if they don't seem harmonious.
Ed Gamble: You're torn between the cup of tea and the vodka, you are the only guest on Off Menu so far whose worked out a way of having both at the same time. If you would like to bring John into The Dream Restaurant to give you a vodka while you have your cup of tea
James Acaster: yeah, well that's a point.
Sue Perkins That's true, because there's another delivery mechanism. If I don't have the vodka orally can I have it in addition to the tea?
Ed Gamble: Of course you can Sue.
Sue Perkins I didn't think I'd be saying that this morning, I really didn't.
James Acaster: To be honest that's always been a rule in The Dream Restaurant and no one's, no one's ever used it yet. We've always had it that, you know a little unspoken loop hole.
Sue Perkins Oh, it's it's good to test the boundaries of what the restaurant can deliver. I mean that's an ask for some of the serving staff but I am a very generous tipper. That's all I'll say. And there'll be a compensatory mechanism with hard cash for whatever they may have seen that will have scarred them during the course of the serving of this meal.
James Acaster: Oh whoa, hold on a second, this is John doing the blowing right?
Ed Gamble: No, you're the waiter actually, you're the genie water
Sue Perkins I'm afraid John is not available at the restaurant of dreams.
James Acaster: Oh no.
Sue Perkins But maybe we can, because I would want to, I would want to spare people's blushes, I could selfadminister in a sort of quasi-douche form. I'm happy to do that because I wouldn't want to make anyone else feel uncomfortable. So I'm sipping my tea, I've got my Southern Indian buffet and I'm just, almost simultaneously. And that's the great thing about batter-based foods, I pick them up, like a dosa, you've got one hand free to administer a raw alcohol douche. Because the eagle's feather was not available, not available.
Ed Gamble: Someone runs a very good Wikipedia page for this podcast where it says everyone's choices and I am looking forward to your entry for drink.
Sue Perkins Oh christ.
James Acaster: Raw alcohol douche.
Sue Perkins Yeah, so, bison grass, preferably Zubrowka but any bison grass vodka would be very very,yeah they could pop that in as a detail I'd be really appreciative.
Ed Gamble: Of course, of course.
Sue Perkins Cos that's the important part of that story.
James Acaster: You're having two drinks, you're having a cup of tea and the bison grass vodka. And we're set on, it's that way around? it's the vodka douche and not the cup of tea douche?
Sue Perkins Oh gosh. Well let's open it up for discussion. I mean what would one rather, the bracing alcohol or the warming mellowing tones of a standard builder's cuppa.
Ed Gamble: Well I'm worried that the vodka is for people who are unresolved, right, so it depends how unresolved you're feeling.
Sue Perkins Well I'm not unresolved any more, I'm very resolved on that matter, that's the great thing about it.
Ed Gamble: Then why not go for the cup of tea?
Sue Perkins You're right. And also I started this by saying that I don't like to do things twice. So we are absolutely right. It's a shot of vodka down the conventional shoot and let's see how you know, let's see how a clipper goes up the old, up the old thumb basket. Yep, okay.
James Acaster: One lump or two?
Sue Perkins Oh well, I mean. Would I do, the thing is, if it's going, what I add to my normal, normally I have tea with skimmed milk and a bit of honey and I'm gonna stick to that. I see no reason to change.
James Acaster: I mean, does flavour come into it as much when it's
Sue Perkins Well I don't, I'm not aware of taste buds in the rectal chamber but I suppose after that I'll be able to tell you. We'll see.
Ed Gamble: The honey will thicken it up a bit at least.
Sue Perkins Yes there's a viscosity that will come as a welcome relief I think. And also it's antibacterial is it not, honey? So it's all, it all works. I mean I hadn't thought about it before but now I say it out loud, it makes perfect sense.
James Acaster: Lovely stuff.
James Acaster: We arrive at your dessert which I already know is going to be something that I approve of, we're absolutely fine here.
Sue Perkins It will be circular, because it's going to be a steamed pudding which is the, which is the king of all the, because the thing about a steamed pudding is that it's just filth. Do you know ortolan, the French dish that they have to eat with a towel over their head?
Ed Gamble: Oh yes, I have heard about this.
Sue Perkins So this is the, the songbirds drowned in brandy and it's such a shit thing to do and it's such a vile awful, anachronistic, bullshit thing to do that they would sort of put the towel over to say yeah, we're embarrassed we've done this. So for me there's a similar, albeit less, violent sort of notion around the steamed pudding which is that this is just filth. Suet-y filth. So let's just cover it in custard, in fact a lot of custard. And then put ice cream on top but just use all these sort of dairy, diversionary tactics, to mask the untamed horror of what you're about to eat. So I suspect that somebody else will have picked a sticky toffee, and I thought, I'm going to pick something that people only have once a year, but I look forward to all year, which is Christmas pudding.
Ed Gamble: Yep, yeah.
Sue Perkins I love Christmas pudding and no one in my family likes it and everyone's like 'oh I don't want to make it'. And on my own I will put it in the steamer I will lacquer it with brandy, set it on first, put some brandy around it, put some cream, get some ice cream, get some caramel, get some, whatever I can put on it. And enjoy it for that one day a year. But it's everything I love about pudding. It's wrong, it's filthy, it's tasty. There's billions of different ways you can do it. You can do it with alcohol, lots of nuts, fewer nuts, more fruit. But it's just, it makes me so happy. But it's hot and I like a hot pudding. I don't know about you James, as a desert fiend, you can have, I love a tiramisu and all that but I want it steaming, furious.
Ed Gamble: Cos you want the hot but you want the hot pudding so you can add lovely cold elements to it and have the best of both worlds. BOBW.
Sue Perkins And you've got your own ideal thermostat, you know how, what the optimal temperature of your pudding's going to be so you can just take it down slowly with a bit of the old, with a bit of whatever, unctuousness.
Ed Gamble: I've only got into Christmas puddings, I'd say, in the last five years, but now I love Christmas pudding. I've said it on the podcast before, my favourite bit about Christmas is, Christmas pudding on Boxing Day, cold Christmas pudding, fry it in butter, in a pan and then put ice cream on it and brandy butter.
Sue Perkins Absolutely correct.
Ed Gamble: So good.
James Acaster: I'm going to do that today.
Ed Gamble: What? it's February mate, what, have you got a Christmas pudding knocking about.
James Acaster: Oh, how fast can the two of you get over here and unload some of this fucking Christmas pudding that I've got in this house because
Sue Perkins I'm there.
James Acaster: So basically, remember when the Joe Brand episode Ed, which we recorded in November and I'd just eaten some Christmas pudding because my girlfriend had made, had made like a test batch the day before and then, she made massive, a humungous Christmas pudding which was delicious but we didn't eat it all because my girlfriend doesn't like Christmas pudding so it's all down to me. And there's this massive Christmas pudding there, not only have we got a massive Christmas pudding, I had you know, two servings of that Christmas pudding maybe, two large servings, but there's still more than enough for a standard Christmas pudding's worth of it in the fridge, and there's the back-up Christmas pudding that she bought from marks and Spencer's in case that Christmas pudding didn't work.
Ed Gamble: Oh joy.
James Acaster: So I had two Christmas puddings in my fridge at the moment and I constantly don't know what to do about it, but now that you've said about the frying thing I'm going to try it.
Ed Gamble: Do that.
Sue Perkins Make a, make a strudel right? Just, oh my god, just get some filo pastry, lay it, get all that out, crumble some nuts, break up the Christmas pudding, roll it around, bake it, for real.
James Acaster: That sounds great, I'm going to do those things. And now I'm really excited that I've got the Christmas puddings.
Ed Gamble: Yeah!
Sue Perkins
And it's every flavour that you want, and it's not just, you know, cinnamon is the dominant that you want, you know, like nutmeg in like an egg custard tart, but all of that just crammed into one piece. You could put some star anise in there, whatever you want, it's happy days. I say just all year round, that is, and you're right, the next day, yeah bubble and squeak whatever, great, but a fried Christmas pudding, imagine battering it, imagine a deep-fried Christmas pudding, imagine. Oh sweet christ. That's me for the whole day now.
James Acaster: Right, I'm going to read your menu back to you now and see how you feel about it.
Sue Perkins It's nuts.
James Acaster: It's a completely circular menu, here we go. Still water, you want popadoms karate chopped with mango chutney, or you would like the popadom cheese sandwich with mango chutney, to try that out. You can have both. Starter, crispy duck pancakes on a lazy susan. Main course southern Indian curry, we're leaning towards the beetroot one with a s side of the masala dosa. Drink
Sue Perkins And here's where the podcast ended.
James Acaster: Zubrowka bison grass vodka through the mouth.
Sue Perkins Orally, yep.
James Acaster: A cup of tea with skimmed milk and honey
Sue Perkins Say it.
James Acaster: Rect-... Douche administered. Dessert, Christmas pudding, brandy ice cream, custard and caramel , and do you know what, do you want like Christmas pudding eight ways, like something like that, like all the things we've just discussed all the different ways, like the strudels
Sue Perkins All the textures, like the textures of a Christmas pudding. Yeah.
James Acaster: You can have all of that, just the whole, every which way.
Sue Perkins You're right, made into a fluid gel, made into a crisp.
Ed Gamble: You could get it as just the smell piped in as a gas.
Sue Perkins Yes!
James Acaster: I'm going to, literally, as soon as we finish this, I'm gonna, I'm gonna eat it.
Ed Gamble: I'm really jealous, you know what I've just genuinely just done whilst we were talking, I've just gone on the supermarket delivery app that I use and just searched for Christmas pudding and surprisingly they're all out of stock.
Sue Perkins Bollocks.
Ed Gamble: I think that's a delicious menu.
Sue Perkins It's mental but I'm happy with it.
Ed Gamble: Douching aside, I think that's a, that's a wonderful menu.
Sue Perkins Very much aside.
Ed Gamble: Sue, thank you very much for coming into the Dream Restaurant.
Sue Perkins My pleasure, I loved it.
James Acaster: Thank you Sue.
Ed Gamble: Well, there we have it. A wonderful menu from Sue Perkins. I now want Christmas pudding so badly.
James Acaster: I'm gonna have some, as soon as we've finished this, I'm gonna fry some. Ed Gamble recipe. You fry it in some butter right?
Ed Gamble: Fry it in butter baby.
James Acaster: I've got some butterscotch in the freezer, dollop that on.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, you're sorted mate, absolutely sorted. You're going to have a joyous time. I've got a bottle of bison grass vodka so I'm going to go and do the stuff with that.
James Acaster: And Benito's going to make himself a cup of tea.
Ed Gamble: That was a great, a great menu, very revealing anecdotes. I enjoyed that very much, it was lovely to have Sue on the episode and also, she didn't say baby corn, thank the lord.
James Acaster: Very glad, because I was enjoying Sue's company so much I'd hate to chuck her out. It's not like Jayde Adams where I couldn't wait to kick her out of the restaurant.
Ed Gamble: Also, when she was talking about that veggie curry though I was thinking, oh baby corn could make an appearance here, she was listing veg. She put beetroot in the curry, she's not going to shy away from putting a straw dolly's dick in there.
James Acaster: We may have, we may have overlooked it. I think we may have not, you know, we'd done a lot of tangents, you know I think at that point we were trying to be quite resourceful and economic with our questions, if we had drilled down we might have discovered there was some baby corn in that curry. We may have been asleep at the wheel there. Apologies to any sticklers.
Ed Gamble: But I'm glad, I'm kind of glad that we were asleep at the wheel there because I was enjoying the road that Sue was taking us down.
James Acaster: Yes, yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
Ed Gamble: James we've been, we continue to be sent some wonderful things. The Great Benito indeed was sent a vegan, is it vegan? A vegan Honest burgers recipe box. Now I've had the Honest burger vegan burger at one of the restaurants before, back when they were a thing, and it was delicious so, lovely to hear that The Great Benito enjoyed his.
James Acaster: Yes, he seemed very happy when he told us about it. We both complemented him on looking so nice today
Ed Gamble: He does look nice!
James Acaster: And then he said it must have been his vegan burger box.
Ed Gamble: It does, we can't definitely tell you that eating a vegan burger box from Honest burger will make you look better, but it's just what's happened to Benito who looks fresh.
James Acaster:
No. But you know, we don't normally give him complements and we both did today so.
Ed Gamble: No. Normally he looks like the beginning of Benjamin button. But here he is, like a little fresh baby boy now.
James Acaster: Hey! Ed. Does Sue Perkins have a podcast that can people can listen to?
Ed Gamble: Sue Perkins does have a podcast indeed. It's called, 'An Hour or So with...'. I have done it James, I have spent an hour or so with Sue Perkins in the past and, don't worry, she's also had some great guests.
James Acaster: I would love to listen to the episode with you on it though Ed. That's what I should start doing, that should be my gateway into podcasts, to make me feel easy about things. I'll just start listening to podcasts where you're the guest and then that will make me feel a bit better.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I've done a lot of them and that'll ease, that'll definitely ease your way in. Maybe then maybe listen to things where you've been a guest as well. Cos you've done a lot of podcasts.
James Acaster: Yeah but I don't want to listen to those ones, I mean I was there the first time. You know.
Ed Gamble: Hm, that's true. That's how I feel when Benito asks us to listen to the edit of this. It's like, oh I don't need to, it was all, it was all great.
James Acaster: Also, you know, I make my requests of what I want to stay in and it doesn't stay in.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. James that was a lot of fun we'll be back next week I'd imagine.
James Acaster: See you next week Ed, I look forward to it. You're a good friend.
Ed Gamble: Okay. Yeah, you're a good guy and I like you very much. Bye everyone!
James Acaster: Bye!
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, we are the worm at the bottom of the tequila that is the internet. My name's Ed Gamble.
James Acaster: My name is James Acaster. A drunk little worm.
Ed Gamble: James is a drunk little worm if anyone had to describe, asked me to describe James I'd say, he's a sort of a drunk little worm guy.
James Acaster: Drunk little tequila worm. I wonder what that's like. Is the worm alive?
Ed Gamble: I don't know, I guess not. I'm assuming the worm's not alive because it's at the bottom of a bottle of tequila.
James Acaster: I don't know, if it's like a little pond worm, it can survive.
Ed Gamble: Although we'll probably get some messages. I think the worm's found in mezcal traditionally, rather than tequila.
James Acaster: Oh really?
Ed Gamble: Although I've never even seen a bottle with the worm in. I think it's mezcal, yeah.
James Acaster: Do you remember Terravision?
Ed Gamble: I do remember Terravision. Of course. Novelty band by virtue of their only hit being Tequila, but apart from that, quite well thought of within the sort of Kerrang! crowd.
James Acaster: Yes! Their album, was it, How To Make Friends And Influence People, or whatever it was called, they, that did really well and then people were like, oh what a great band. And then later on they had a hit with Tequila, wasn't it a remix of it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah probably. It was always remixes that did well back in the day. Anyway, I mean, we are in danger of sort of straying onto your other podcast's territory. I'd imagine you talk about Terravision, I don't really listen to it.
James Acaster: I'll be bringing it up at some point on that podcast.
Ed Gamble: This of course is the Off Menu podcast where we talk about food. More specifically we have a special guest and we ask them James.
James Acaster: Their favourite ever starter, main course, side dish and drink. And this week's guest is
Ed Gamble: Jess Fostekew
James Acaster: Jessica Fostekew
Ed Gamble: We'll go with Jessica Fostekew. Yes. Brilliant brilliant comedian, brilliant podcast host as well. She's got a, also a food podcast, called Hoovering.
James Acaster: Yeah, called Hoovering, we've both done it. Brilliant podcast.
Ed Gamble: We have, she brought, did it ages ago, she brought beetroot soup over to my house
James Acaster: Delicious
Ed Gamble: I think I spilt, spilt quite a lot of it, but it was very very nice.
James Acaster: Fantastic. I started out with Jess on the comedy circuit and it's so great to see her doing so well now. She's such a brilliant comedian, I've always been a fan, thrilled to have her on the podcast. However, even though we love her, if she mentions the secret ingredient, we will have her kicked out of The Dream Restaurant.
Ed Gamble: We'll have her kicked out of The Dream Restaurant, we'll kick her out of the Zoom because, I should say, this is a home-cooking episode, we're all in our separate homes
James Acaster: Yeah. Hemp seeds. That's the secret ingredient this week, hemp seeds. So help me God.
Ed Gamble: I don't even really know what they are, I just, I'm not, just get all that stuff off. Faff. If i can blow it off the plate, I don't want it.
James Acaster: Interesting. If you can blow it off the plate you don't want it. I didn't know that was a rule with you.
Ed Gamble: Well I didn't realise either until I said it, but you know what, I'm willing to stand by that.
James Acaster: You don't like seeds, any sort of seeds.
Ed Gamble: Well what seeds are we talking? Hemp seeds, no they're quite
James Acaster: Poppy seeds, pumpkin seeds.
Ed Gamble: But I don't think I could blow pumpkin seeds off, I don't really like pumpkin seeds but I don't think I could
James Acaster: You couldn't blow a pumpkin seed off your plate?
Ed Gamble: They're quite heavy aren't they? It depends what
James Acaster: How heavy do you think it is that you couldn't blow it off the plate? How weak do you think you are?
Ed Gamble: Well I'm sorry I've not used my lockdown properly I've not been testing what seeds I could blow away.
James Acaster: I reckon you could blow any seeds you wanted off a plate.
Ed Gamble: No. Not a pumpkin seed.
James Acaster: What seeds do you reckon you'd struggle with?
Ed Gamble: A lot of them. I'm thinking like things that would just be immediately blown off. Poppy seeds I could probably blow off of my plate but I would definitely have to puff.
James Acaster: Yeah. You could definitely, not probably.
Ed Gamble: I'd have to puff.
James Acaster: You wouldn't have to puff. It weighs nothing.
Ed Gamble: But what other seeds are there? Pumpkin seeds.
James Acaster: Straight away. Sunflower seeds, straight away.
Ed Gamble: No, couldn't blow them.
James Acaster: You couldn't blow a sunflower seed?
Ed Gamble: No.
James Acaster: Are you mad?
Ed Gamble: But sometimes, so like sometimes a poppy seed might be stuck on a bagel, if it's stuck on a bagel I couldn't blow it off the bagel so it's fine it's earned it's place.
James Acaster: Right, cos it's stuck on the bagel.
Ed Gamble: Cos it's stuck on the bagel. There's a reason for it to be there. Hemp seeds are quite, like very light aren't they, like feathery, in my mind.
James Acaster: Uh huh, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Unless I'm thinking of the wrong thing.
James Acaster: They're definitely lighter, I'd say, than the seeds we're talking about, but I'm just saying
Ed Gamble: I'm confident I could blow the hemp seeds off a plate
James Acaster: Yes, but like you could with all the other seeds we've mentioned as well.
Ed Gamble: No, I couldn't blow sunflower seeds off the, I couldn't, they're really heavy
James Acaster: If everyone listening to this can film themselves blowing various seeds off of plates to show Ed how easy it is and send tweet them to him that would be very much appreciated.
Ed Gamble: But I don't, if you've got to puff, that doesn't count for me.
James Acaster: What are you talking about?
Ed Gamble: So I'm talking about if I was eating it and just like... I just did quite a concentrated breath and they went off, that would be annoying to me.
James Acaster: Well that's not blowing, is it?
Ed Gamble: If I had to do that.
James Acaster: Do you think that every time you're breathing in and out you're blowing in and out?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, blowing air, that's what I call it.
James Acaster: No, you're breathing. Blowing is like a proper, that's a
Ed Gamble: Right, well I don't like hemp seeds.
James Acaster: Me neither. For different reasons.
Ed Gamble: Right, well we agree on that.
James Acaster: Yeah we agree on that one.
Ed Gamble: We can agree that that we don't like it cos we could blow it off the plate.
James Acaster: No that's not what I said, that's not my reason.
Ed Gamble: Well that's not the, hemp seed's the secret ingredient and if she says them, she's out of here. And I hope it doesn't happen because I'm a fan.
James Acaster: Well, fingers crossed. Oh, is that Jess at the door?
Ed Gamble: Well it must be. This is the Off Menu menu of
Both: Jessica Fostekew.
Ed Gamble: Jess Fostekew, welcome to The Dream Restaurant!
Jessica Fostekew: Hey, thanks for having me!
Ed Gamble: It took us a while to get up and running for this one but now we're here and it's worth it. There were, there were some issues getting into The Dream Restaurant because The Genie forgot the key but now, here we are, ready to go, ready to take your order.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah
James Acaster: Welcome Jess Fostekew to The Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Ed Gamble: Now Jess, you're, it's obviously a long time coming that you, you should have been on this podcast a while ago, you're an OG food podcaster, you're putting food podcasts out in the world,
James Acaster: Yes
Ed Gamble: This is the official food podcast crossover.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes!
Ed Gamble: Right? This is what the people have been asking for.
James Acaster: We've put our beefs to one side, no pun intended, and we've got you on the pod. That's why you haven't been on.
Jessica Fostekew: There's just too much beef.
Ed Gamble: There's so much beef. Although, we have both been on your podcast to be fair so I think you, you didn't know about the beef.
Jessica Fostekew: No I didn't.
Ed Gamble: Recognise this scarf Jess?
Jessica Fostekew: Oh, you've still got my scarf!
Ed Gamble: Still got Jess' scarf from when she came over to my flat to record, to record her podcast and let me tell you Jess, I don't live in that flat anymore, I've moved house, and I've still got your scarf.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh Ed. You're so lovely for keeping it.
Ed Gamble: Either very conscientious or very weird. It is a nice scarf.
Jessica Fostekew: You're very kind for keeping all of it, it's gonna be one of those things where every time we meet for the rest of our lives we go, ah, I didn't bring that scarf again.
Ed Gamble: You're going to come and visit me towards the end of my life in an old people's home towards the end of my life and your scarf is going to be a shawl over my horrible knees.
James Acaster: I'm going to have horrible knees when I'm old I think.
Jessica Fostekew: Do you reckon?
James Acaster: Yeah, they've been pretty bad during lockdown, whatever workout I was originally doing really messed my knees up and now my knees hurt all the time. I've gotta do yoga to make them not hurt, but during yoga they hurt and I'm thinking I'm actually probably making them worse.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh, so when you say horrible knees you mean painful knees rather than horrible to look at which is, I think, what Ed was going for by... you don't have to shroud them in a shawl you just have to medicate them with pain relief.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: I think, the fact they feel bad now means they'll look bad when I'm older.
Ed Gamble: Do you think? They'll look horrible. Maybe they'll still look really young when you're older and then they'll just be powder inside.
James Acaster: Imagine that. What like a little stress ball?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew: A couple of little stress balls.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah.
Ed Gamble: That would be good if your knees were like stress balls and you could just really give them a good old squeeze. That'd be lovely. Now Jess, you, you're poster for your last show was you weightlifting so I'd imagine you've got real strong knees, right?
Jessica Fostekew: Got really muscle-y knees? Yeah really hench knees actually, yeah. I dunno, I dunno how much you guys can lift in terms of knee ups but many hundred kilograms I can knee up.
Ed Gamble: Normally at this point we'd ask if our guest was a foodie or were into food but we know you are already so we've just gone straight for knee chat, which is the next thing down on the list.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, absolutely.
James Acaster: Always. We rarely get onto it actually on this podcast. Normally we ask them about food and the knee chat's there as an emergency one. We've never broken the glass so early.
Ed Gamble: So genie, ge-knee, ge knee.
James Acaster: Ge-knee. Oh man.
Ed Gamble: Come on.
James Acaster: Do you know what? You're firing on all cylinders today. Me and Jess, I speak for myself, I'm exhausted after all the technical difficulties, I'm not even in the, I'm not in the room mentally right now, but you
Ed Gamble: Mate, I'll tell you what's happened. I got up really early cos I couldn't sleep because it is a thousand degrees. I had a coffee, did a little workout, had another coffee and then I've poured myself a giant glass of cold brew which I made last night so, I am firing on all cylinders but I've, I've got about, there's about a ten minute window before I crash.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah. What is cold brew? Is it just cold coffee, black coffee? Or has it got sugar?
Ed Gamble: It is cold coffee but I always used to try and make cold brew by making a hot coffee and then dumping loads of ice in, that's not how you should do it. I've since brought a jug because it should be brewed cold, hence cold brew, rather than brewed hot. So I've got a jug and you just put ground coffee in, fill it up with cold water and then I put it in the fridge for like twelve hours. So it's like coffee but made cold and it is absolutely delicious.
James Acaster: Do you mix it with anything because the best ones that I've had are ones that have a bit of a fruity quality to it as well.
Ed Gamble: No sir. I'm not putting any fruit in my cold brew. I think you can put some like citrus fruit or something in, it's just black coffee, cos that's what I drink anyway.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh like I suppose I was about to think that sounds repulsive, and say it out loud, which I've done now, but I, then I remembered iced tea, that's lush with all different bits of fruit in it, isn't it? So, I need to shut up and open my mind. Shut my mouth, open my mind.
Ed Gamble: That's, we're going to be telling you that throughout the podcast I think.
Jessica Fostekew: Shut your mouth and open your mind
James Acaster: Shut your mouth and open your mind.
Jessica Fostekew: It's a good motto for life isn't it? Twitter should be told that.
Ed Gamble: That coffee's really dipping off now, so shall we at least get water and starter under our belt before I have to have a nap?
James Acaster: Sure sure, yeah, yeah. Do you want still or sparkling water Jess?
Jessica Fostekew: Because this is like a dream meal, right?
Ed Gamble: Mm-hm
Jessica Fostekew: Like, of dreams. I'm going to bin off ethics completely here. Is that alright?
Ed Gamble: Cos that's the dream. That's the dream of course is to ethics.
James Acaster: Are we going full Hannibal?
Jessica Fostekew: Well the dream is, the dream is that ultimately, yeah, is that eating has no consequence. So yeah. So sparkling because normally I mean I drink sparkling water, but I just assume that if you have it in a restaurant maybe, it's more likely to come in a glass bottle. Basically I don't buy it in day-to-day life because it's just loads of plastic bottles and I haven't got a Sodastream or another fizzy making thing. But I love fizzy water the most of all the waters but it's one of those things I feel like I have to earn. Or it feels like a treat, but that's ridiculous because it's the same water but just aerated isn't it? I'm friends with this really amazing Scottish author called Rose Ruane and she calls it jaggy water. And I love that because in Scots that jag, jag is anything like spiky all prickly.
Ed Gamble: It sort of makes it seem like the water's starting on your mouth.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes, yeah, jaggy water yeah. Really aggressive water.
Ed Gamble: Bu that's right isn't it? When you have a sip of sparkling water and the water's going like, 'come on mate, what you looking at?'.
James Acaster: It's all kicking off.
Jessica Fostekew: It feels like the difference between, still water's like brushing your teeth in the olden days and jaggy water is like, when you get your first electric toothbrush and your teeth are like wooooooo yeah!
James Acaster: Yeah, agreed.
Ed Gamble: It really is a it really is a party in your mouth.
James Acaster: Yeah, it brushes your teeth, I've said it a million times before and finally a guest has agreed with me.
Ed Gamble: I don't think Jess is agreeing with you that sparkling water is a replacement for an electric toothbrush.
James Acaster: Hmm, we'll see about that. Jess get this, recently I met a thirty-three-year-old you had never heard of a Sodastream, didn't know what one was.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh really.
James Acaster: Yeah, had no concept of it. And when I say I met a thirty-three-year-old, it's my girlfriend who I've been going out with for over a year but
Ed Gamble: But when you found out she didn't know what a Sodastream was you felt like you'd only truly met her for the first time, right?
James Acaster: Yeah. I was like, who is this? And she's from Manchester and she said, 'oh it must just be a Southern thing, Sodastreams'.
Jessica Fostekew: No, because I have a thirty-three-year-old girlfriend who's Scottish and she owns a Sodastream so
James Acaster: There you go
Ed Gamble: Oh right, so you've got an exact comparison. You have a thirty-three-year-old girlfriend who owns a Sodastream
Jessica Fostekew: yeah
Ed Gamble: Well, there we go, absolutely in your girlfriend's face James.
James Acaster: To be fair, that could not have come at a better time, that piece of information. I literally stopped there to picture myself winning an argument after this.
Jessica Fostekew: Ooh, that's a lovely feeling.
James Acaster: Hello, just, have you got a map on you? Maybe get that out. I was just wondering where Scotland was before we have a little chat. Nah, I think that's very good. Also jaggy, the only time I've heard Jaggy before is the band Biffy Clyro did a song called There's No Such Thing As a Jaggy Snake.
Jessica Fostekew: No!
James Acaster: And they're from Scotland. I thought they'd made the word jaggy up but now
Ed Gamble: Well, hang on, what do they mean by that?
Jessica Fostekew: A bumpy snake or a spiky snake?
Ed Gamble: A bubbly snake?
Jessica Fostekew: Bunky, bumpy, I said bunky that's not a word.
James Acaster: Fizzy?
Ed Gamble: A fizzy snake. But I mean, there is such a thing as a fizzy snake, we all know they are, they're delicious.
James Acaster: Absolutely, I love them.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh yeah, I've just remembered what you mean. Yes please!
James Acaster: Did you like fizzy sweets when you were a kid?
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, I preferred and still do, I'm not that into sweets, huh sorry
James Acaster: Hmmm boy
Ed Gamble: Oh God, warning signs
Jessica Fostekew: But I preferred and still do the sour fizzy ones, if it's sour and fizzy I'm all over it.
James Acaster: Okay
Ed Gamble: How sour are we talking though? Toxic waste?
Jessica Fostekew: No, I mean Tangfastic. I've never had a sweet that was too sour for me. But I don't feel like I've been truly challenged.
James Acaster: Sure
Jessica Fostekew: I've not gone to any of those specialist places and gone, 'give me your sourest sweet, dicks'.
Ed Gamble: I mean, I don't know why you're being so jaggy in the sweet shop.
James Acaster: Yeah you're being very jaggy in the sweet shop I think, after your jagtastics. I don't like Tangfastics.
Ed Gamble: What?
James Acaster: Yeah I know. I think it's cos once I was in a train that derailed and to try and cheer the passengers up they handed out Tangfastics, and now I, now I associate it with trauma.
Ed Gamble: I would say that's the last thing I'd want if I'd been through a traumatic experience would be to eat a very sour sweet.
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: I'd want something smooth and comforting right?
James Acaster: Yeah one hundred percent. And also I was at the back of the carriage and I was watching the Tangfastics make their way to me. So you know that, well I'm lucky if I get cola bottles here, do you know what I mean? Everyone else is going to take all the good ones, the dinosaurs and stuff
Jessica Fostekew: Also, I'm not sure something smooth and comforting is that practical if you're in a traumatic like, if there's been a terrible train accident, how are they going to manage to come around and give everyone a small pot of macaroni cheese?
James Acaster: Yes
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's more prep isn't it, to be fair, than a bag of Tangfastics.
Jessica Fostekew: It is more prep
James Acaster: What would be your ideal sweet after a train accident Jess?
Jessica Fostekew: I think minstrels would be, a bag of minstrels would be a bit more comforting than a Tangfastic.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah. You know what, i thought it was a stupid question and your answer has just justified the question. Because it's the correct answer, I think, a bag of minstrels. Not revels cos you want predictability don't you?
James Acaster: Oh, if you handed out a bag of revels after a train accident.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, first I've been in a train accident and now I've got a coffee one!
James Acaster: Yeah yeah. That's, that's, that's the. I think you have both named the best and the worst sweets that could be handed out. Minstrels, number one best one. Revels, the worst after any sort of traumatic event.
Jessica Fostekew: Except if I was in the train because I'm the only person in the world who loves coffee revels and would have everybody's elses, I would forego my bag of revels just to go around and have everyone's coffee one for them
James Acaster: Wow
Jessica Fostekew: Does that make me like a hero?
James Acaster: Yeah actually!
Ed Gamble: I've never met anyone who likes the coffee revels. I don't mind them, it's a bit of a sort of stereotype isn't it, that the coffee revels are the worst ones
James Acaster: Sure
Ed Gamble: I don't mind them but I'm certainly, if I'm popping a revel in my mouth I'm disappointed if it's the coffee. Cos really I'm looking for an orange, I'm looking for a Malteaser, I'm looking for
James Acaster: You're looking for an orange?
Ed Gamble: I love an orange one
James Acaster: I don't like the orange one, I like chocolate orange but I find the revels chocolate orange too powdery, like my knees.
Ed Gamble: But that's why I like them. I bite down into the orange one and I go, ah it's like my friend James' knees.
James Acaster: It reminds you, reminds you of your pal. Now Jess, before we move on, just quickly rank all the revels in order from worst to best.
Jessica Fostekew: Okay, so, raisin, worst. Um, is there a nut one?
James Acaster: Is there a nut one? It feels like there should be a peanut one but then
Jessica Fostekew: I don't think there is.
James Acaster: I don't think there is.
Jessica Fostekew: And then I'll go orange, and then I'd go Malteaser, and then I'd go, ah sort of like a, ah like a shellless minstrel, solid chocolate, like a slug to a snail, a minstrel would be. And then, top of the, top of the tree coffee. Sorry if I've missed one.
Ed Gamble: I'm now obviously on the revels wikipedia page.
Jessica Fostekew: Great.
Ed Gamble: Originally revels had orange creme, coconut, toffee, toffee or peanut centres, along with Galaxy Counters, minstrels minus exterior shell and Malteasers. The coconut centres were later replaced with coffee cream and the peanuts were replaced with raisins. Original revels flavours also included Turkish delight which was withdrawn after five years and in 2008 they had a Big Brother style eviction campaign where one flavour from the bag will be replaced by a special limited-edition flavour.
Jessica Fostekew: Oooh!
James Acaster: Is it too early to say this is our best episode?
Jessica Fostekew: I think toffee I forgot toffee, toffee's still in it. That hard toffee
James Acaster: Yeah, toffee's still in it. Which is my favourite actually.
Jessica Fostekew: Ah is it? Okay I would put
Ed Gamble: Is it? No
Jessica Fostekew: I'd put it above, for me, just under Malteaster actually.
James Acaster: Yeah
Jessica Fostekew: Lower half of the, lower half of the league.
James Acaster: Yeah, it's in the relegation zone but it's surviving.
Jessica Fostekew: Is there any that we'd all agree is top half?
Ed Gamble: No cos I think I'd go raisin top
Jessica Fostekew: Whoa whoa whoa!
James Acaster: What the?
Ed Gamble: The thing is I love a chocolate raisin, I love a chocolate raisin, I love a yoghurt raisin, I love anything within the genre of covered raisins. Coffee isn't too bad but it's not bottom, but I think toffee might be bottom for me because it's too chewy.
James Acaster: What the hell? Sorry Grandpa.
Ed Gamble: Also, coffee was briefly replaced by strawberry.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh fuck off.
Ed Gamble: Yeah I agree, fuck off.
Jessica Fostekew: I hate strawberry flavoured things or banana flavoured things. Unless it's a strawberry or a banana don't take its flavour and put it somewhere else.
Ed Gamble: I agree
James Acaster: Amazingly, I find chocolate covered raisins and even more so yoghurt covered raisins, to be a great idea
Ed Gamble: Perfectly executed
James Acaster: When I see them I'm like, I can't wait for this I'm going to eat all these chocolate covered raisins, I feel sick so quickly, even more so with yoghurt covered raisins. Like they make me feel sick Ed.
Ed Gamble: Oh really?
James Acaster: Yeah, not like disgusted by them but actually just physically like I'm going to puke.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah
Ed Gamble: And you have such a capacity for sweet things.
Jessica Fostekew: I think it's just that it's a sweet thing covered by another sweet thing, like you kind of, like a malteaser is biscuity, it's not that sweet. I dunno, it's double sweet. Also, there's so many foods where it's really nice when it gets a bit that's stuck in your teeth, like that's the point of it, but with a chocolate covered raisin I find that very annoying, I don't want it to still be there when I've finished it.
Ed Gamble: It just seems like a real witch hunt.
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread Jess?
Jessica Fostekew: I listened to your episode with very funny and amazing Louis Theroux but the one bit that made me go, hang on, do you wanna fight, is when he, he said, 'why would anyone have bread because you'd be so full up?', and I thought, yeah yeah yeah, you might. But I am gonna say popadoms. But I think it's because, it's so only when you go to like a nice restaurant that anyone would give you some bread before your dinner. I think that's just such a sign that you're having a really exciting time out and about, but I am gonna go popadoms over bread because, purely for the love of the dips. For the love of dips. The popadom itself is kind of an okay thing but it's really just a shelf for exciting things. Also, I have a, I really like getting way too many popadoms if you're having a take away because I secretly like them all bendy the next day. If I'm gonna have them crispy I want them loaded up with like a really fit lime pickles and really mustardy pickles and stuff and all the tangy ones and hot ones but if it's gonna be on its own, and then I do love it on its own, it's got that little bit of a bend in it the next day, oohh bring it on.
James Acaster: So, personally, I'm not a fan of the bend the next day. In fact, I would say I desperately try to finish all the ones that, you know, on the night, cos I'm like oh no otherwise these are a write-off tomorrow. So it's very interesting to meet someone who prefers, I don't think I've ever met anyone who prefers the stale bendy popadoms the next morning.
Ed Gamble: Yeah but she also likes the coffee revels mate, so you gotta think that through.
James Acaster: Yeah, this is quite an intriguing pallet.
Ed Gamble: Jess is a maverick when it comes to taste. Do you want us to, so at The Dream Restaurant would you like some fresh ones with the dips and then every so often we'll, every so often in the pile there'll just be a bendy one and you never know when it's coming, a la Revels.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh my god it's the most exciting, I'd never even thought that that might be an option, imagine if that could ever happen in real life. I'm gonna have actual dreams about this dream meal because of that. Oh yeah.
James Acaster: How bendy do you want it? Do you want it bendy enough that we could feasibly make a wrap out of all the dips with the popadom?
Jessica Fostekew: Yes exactly. No that's exactly what I want and I want some, I like the idea that you can like, you can basically fold it up. Ooooh. A big salty
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Like a big floppy dog's ear?
Jessica Fostekew: Not hairy, you're making it sound hairy and hair on anything ruins it. Oh god yes please, popadoms with all the dips.
Ed Gamble: It's rare we got a unique choice for this course because obviously, you know, it's popadoms or bread, it's a very binary choice. And somehow we've got a floppypop, floppypoppies
James Acaster: Flopadoms, we've got flopadoms, come on
Jessica Fostekew: Flopadoms! That sounds rude.
Ed Gamble: Flopadoms!
James Acaster: Right, well we'll absolutely get you your flopadoms, don't worry about it.
James Acaster: So we come to your starter. The big leagues now. I mean really it's small leagues starters. No one really cares about them, I mean they're no one's favourites.
Ed Gamble: That's the best course. The best course.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh shut up. Not, oh no
Ed Gamble: Oh, you alright Jess?
James Acaster: You alright? What's happened?
Jessica Fostekew: I'm just worried that I, I don't know, I didn't expect to feel like this much of a freak but starters is my favourite course.
Ed Gamble: No don't worry, don't feel like a freak, you're on my side. James is trying to rile me up.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh
Ed Gamble: Starters are my favourite course
Jessica Fostekew: Starters are my pudding.
Ed Gamble: Yes! Starters are my pudding, yes! Can we both get that as a tattoo, 'starters are my pudding'? Yeah
Jessica Fostekew: Yes, starters are my pudding! I actually might do that, I've been waiting for ages, I've been waiting thirty seven years to think of something I like good enough to tattoo onto my body and starters are my pudding might be it. My, I've got a really naughty four year old and he did a brilliant thing during lockdown where, because I sort of got into a pattern of letting him have a pudding after every, like lunch and dinner, just to sort of get him to eat each thing and then one time he, he was like, 'I don't want this mate'. And it was like a nice pasta and he was like, 'I'm absolutely sick of this mains, I'm just so sick of all mains', and I was like, 'alright, well don't worry, you know, whatever, you don't have to eat it', and he went, 'but I want, I just want a different thing, I want the thing from afterwards'. And I was like, 'you want pudding before you've even had mains?', and he was like, 'not pudding' and I was like, 'what then?', and he went, 'sweet mains'. He tried to reclassify pudding as sweet mains to see if he could, just sort of survive on just puddings.
James Acaster: I tell you what, you might want to take a good long look at me because this is what your son's gonna look like when he's older. Absolutely heading that way.
Ed Gamble: A little Acaster in training, sweet mains.
James Acaster: Sweet mains, that's my kinda guy.
Jessica Fostekew: Sweet sweet mains.
James Acaster: Is he available to appear on a podcast? This child?
Ed Gamble: But starters, I'm all about the starters.
Jessica Fostekew: Starters, so, I'm not very good at choosing, like I get a sort of a joyful, a sort of happy kind of overwhelmed in restaurants where there's more than one option to be honest because I like everything, I love everything. So I just never know what to pick and so if I could, can I get like a, kind of a bento box but not of, not of Asian things. Could I get like a tiny amount of different things on the same plate or box or whatever?
Ed Gamble: So you'd like a box with the sort of little individual section yeah.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, with like a tri of different things
Ed Gamble: A prison tray?
Jessica Fostekew: Yep, like a prison tray please.
James Acaster: We can still call it a bento, actually because it's the Off Menu podcast we should call it the Benito box.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes, the Benito box!
James Acaster: Yes.
Jessica Fostekew: Isn't that the name of like a kind of a burrito chain?
Ed Gamble: Benito's Hat is the name of the burrito chain.
Jessica Fostekew: Benito's Hat, my bad.
James Acaster: I've heard they're good. I've never been in myself because it reminds me too much of The Great Benito.
Ed Gamble: Work
Jessica Fostekew: Your producer. So, in one, there would only be three sections to the prison tray, in one section I want some, like so fresh calamari that's like hours hours away from having been in the sea. Because that like, I had it in Greece once and I watched the ship, like ship, this tiny little boat come in and the squid's come off it and he's like smacked them to death on the side of the stone quay.
Ed Gamble: Wow you really have, you have thrown ethics right out the window, straight away.
Jessica Fostekew: I did warn you I was gonna do that.
James Acaster: Yeah, well you did warn us but, I, in my defence, when you said, 'I'm gonna abandon all ethics', I didn't think the words smacked to death was gonna come up later on.
Ed Gamble: I thought you meant you were just have some meat, have something out of a plastic bottle, you're not going to watch your food be dashed against a rock.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, I want that, I want to watch
James Acaster: And then put into your prison tray, which now we know why you've been locked up as well.
Jessica Fostekew: Squid murder
James Acaster: Smacked to death
Jessica Fostekew: Joyful, psychotic squid murder. Yeah I want to watch the squid get thrashed to death by a fisherman, a Greek fisherman.
Ed Gamble: Perfect.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, I've just never tasted anything like, I really like calamari even if it's rubbish, I'm not a snob about it, but when it's good and it kind of like just, just like gosh poof and vanishes in your mouth, as soon as it hits your mouth, oh god, I want that in one section. And then in another section I want an oyster but I want one, like a big Scottish one that's so snazzy that it tastes of all the scary and exciting things that oysters taste of but also a bit creamy and I want like Tobasco on that and loads of lemon on all these things.
Ed Gamble: The first time I've ever heard snazzy used to describe shell fish. I liked it a lot, I'll be using it in future.
Jessica Fostekew: Yay! And actually, I've just got into having a little bit of vinaigrette, like that little vinaigrette that they give you to put on an oyster. That's good.
James Acaster: Mmm, it's a must, it's a must for me.
Jessica Fostekew: And now I'm going to go for the least ethical, I think potentially less ethical than watching a squid die before you eat it, in a violent way.
Ed Gamble: What are you gonna do?
James Acaster: What is this? Are you killing the fisherman as well?
Jessica Fostekew: No
Ed Gamble: My mind's going crazy here, what do you want to watch happening to the next animal?
Jessica Fostekew: I don't want to watch anything happen but I want octopus because I think it's so delicious but I think it is the least ethical because they're so clever aren't they?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew: They can plan ahead and they haven't found any other animals that can plan ahead.
Ed Gamble: Well, they can't plan that far ahead if they're getting eaten by you.
James Acaster: Sure. That's not on their to-do list.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah. I mean I'm not saying they're cleverer than us
Ed Gamble: They're not psychic
Jessica Fostekew: But they're definitely cleverer than some people.
James Acaster: How far ahead can an octopus plan, Jess?
Jessica Fostekew: I don't know in terms of time but I know it can find an object, for example, discarded by a human and hide it and come back to it and use it for something later, like a coconut shell or whatever. I, I have to watch a lot of Andy's Aquatic Adventures on BBCbeebies or whatever it's called.
James Acaster: Yes, is this with sweet mains?
Jessica Fostekew: Yep, cos of sweet mains, sweet mains has taught, thanks to sweet mains I know a sort of weird amount about animals and dinosaurs now.
James Acaster: Right, yep.
Jessica Fostekew: I mean octopuses are basically utterly incredible and we really shouldn't eat them but they're really nice barbequed with loads of chilli and garlic.
Ed Gamble: Yeah they are delicious.
Jessica Fostekew: Also, they look like something, it looks like they're so clever they've designed their tentacles to look repulsive to a human but then any, as soon as you've overridden it and shut your eyes and eaten a bit for once, you're then like, oh, you've ruined it, that mask of disgusting lookingness doesn't work on me anymore.
Ed Gamble: Why is it, why do you think it's less ethical because the octopus is intelligent? Isn't that like saying it's probably more okay to kill a thick bloke?
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, I think that's exactly what I'm saying actually.
James Acaster: Yep, that's how things should work in court.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: 'What was the IQ of the victim?' 'Well, lucky for you...'
Ed Gamble: I think that's a, I think that's a good line up of things
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Interesting you've gone calamari and octopus, very rare
James Acaster: Yes, very rare.
Jessica Fostekew: Well you know when you go to an amazing seafood restaurant and you get like, sometimes you just get like a sharing thing? That's my favourite cos you can try all the things. For someone who's sort of challenged when it comes to choosing, that's the dream isn't it?
James Acaster: Also I like that everything's from the sea in this starter. It makes sense.
Jessica Fostekew: Do you two like things that are from the sea to eat?
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Love it. Absolutely love, love octopus, I really really like it. Just like chargrilled octopus, fried octopus. There, at Dumplings Legend in Chinatown they do a fried, just a fried octopus with chilli and salt
Jessica Fostekew: Pwhoar!
Ed Gamble: And it is phenomenal. Chilli, garlic and salt and oh it's just, it's just delicious.
Jessica Fostekew: That was the one thing on the old starters thing that I was like what do I do here, do I try and make it all go together? Because the other element of starter world that makes my heart sing is like dumplings and dim sum but I was like no, keep it, just keep it simple!
James Acaster: So, in Old Boy when he just eats the octopus raw and the actor did it in real life, was that octopus planning something at the time? Was he going, 'okay, I've just got this shoot to wrap up and then once I've done that I'm gonna go to my trailer and WHAT THE FUCK?!'?
Ed Gamble: It had its whole career, its whole film career planned out in front of it.
James Acaster: 'I've got to ring my agent after this, this film is, WHAT THE, WHAT YOU DOING? WHAT YOU DOING? NO STOP STOP'. What do you think about that actor doing that Jess? I always think about this.
Jessica Fostekew: Do you?
James Acaster: I just think it was so unnecessary, so especially when you watch it on the, when you watch it in the film you just think, I don't know how much that's really added to the film for me.
Jessica Fostekew: I've never seen the film.
Ed Gamble: It's the only bit I remember though.
James Acaster: Well no there's another bit that I remember that's really horrible but it's right in the, it's right in the last bit. But he didn't do it for real. That's the thing, right, so later on, spoiler alert for anyone that hasn't seen Old Boy, at the end of Old Boy he cuts his tongue off
Jessica Fostekew: Oh yeah
James Acaster: But, he only acts that. Do you know what I mean? Like it's all like, no I'm gonna be proper, do this film properly, if I'm gonna eat an octopus I've got to eat a proper live octopus, I'm gonna do it. What's the final scene, cut your tongue off? Okay well, I'm not gonna do that.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, little did he know because he probably thought, oh well if I cut my tongue off I'm never gonna work again because I can't act any talking but then little did he know, eat an octopus live as a stunt, you'll never work again anyway mate. Everyone thinks you're a really nasty bastard. Just like I'm never gonna work again after on your podcast I've said I'm happy to see a squid smashed to death in front of me and then eat it.
James Acaster: Your main course Jess!
Jessica Fostekew: Okay, so, I don't never eat meat but I very very very rarely eat meat anymore. So I'm going to go back to the heady days of when I did that and also I'm gonna choose, it's not gonna be
James Acaster: Sorry I'm laughing cos I'm wondering if it's gonna be like, 'I would like a cow shot by a Spanish man with a bazuka please'.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah! I want yeah, a calf punched to death in front of me by an orphan. No I, not that bad, but I do want a steak. So basically, I used to, I want like a really posh surf and turf and I want the exact one that a chef called Ian Simpson made at a hotel I worked in when I was a teenager where I was on £3.50 an hour as a chambermaid. And er, I think I worked my way up actually, to, £3.50 was the top rate I was on, I was a chambermaid and then I like I made my way up to be a waitress. But we were never allowed to eat, the food was so posh there and he was the head chef and I'd get bollocked because you'd get so hungry taking this incredible food out to people and not being able to eat it, you know, knowing that you're going home to a fucking SuperNoodle at midnight, it was so heartbreaking and like, you'd take the plates back in and people would leave stuff and you'd just be like, you cunts, how could you. Anyway, like they'd take stuff back in to the person washing up and you just sort of, you quickly eat them up before you gave them back the plate. And if I got caught doing that I got the most horrific bollocking, like 'they could have coughed or sneezed on that', and actually, while I'm saying that during a pandemic it does feel like pretty disgusting. But at the time I was like, I don't fucking care that was really yummy. Anyway, once and only once I like saved up and, I think I went, I might have gone with a parent or a boyfriend at the time and went for a meal there. And it felt like a bit of a bus man's holiday and I felt a bit weird about it, it was like this place that I used to work and it was only like within a year of having stopped working there and it was just, I don't know, it was a bit of a stuffy restaurant in this old hotel. And then I ordered this surf and turf and it blew my mind. So I want that exact one, like I just didn't know, it was just a fillet steak with like a garlic butter over it, two or three prawns in their shells, like around the edge. That was it. I just had no idea that prawns or steak could taste like that. It was life changing. This was probably the first posh food I'd ever had, or cooked by a really good chef, that I'd ever had.
Ed Gamble: Now obviously it does sound very nice but do you think it was all the quality of the food or do you think some of that taste was freedom?
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, there's a hundred percent an element of freedom in there.
James Acaster: It feels a bit like you know, Pretty Woman, Julia Roberts going back to the clothing store kind of thing.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah! Yeah, there is an element of that.
James Acaster: They caught you eating by the bins but now you've ordered a surf and turf.
Ed Gamble: Did you wear your chamber maid's uniform so people were like, what are, what are you doing eating in the restaurant, you should be working! And you'd be like, not any more.
Jessica Fostekew: I think that it would work really well if my chamber maid's uniform was like the stereotypical chamber maid's uniform like a sexy French maid or something that people think of but actually it was like a really disgusting burgundy tabard, so no.
James Acaster: I'll be honest, I didn't know that chamber maid was still a job!
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah! Well someone needs to clean hotel bedrooms.
James Acaster: Sure, but I didn't think that the job was still called chamber maid.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh, didn't you?
James Acaster: No.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, they've probably snazzied it up a bit now and called it housekeeper's helper
James Acaster: Housekeeper's helper?
Jessica Fostekew: Er, bed changer. Towel, towel swapper.
James Acaster: Towel swapper. A towel swapper doesn't sound like they're being employed by the hotel, it sounds like a rogue kind of like, someone on their own is sneaking around, swapping the old towels around and you don't know, oh maybe you're gonna get a fungal infection because the towel swapper's been in.
Ed Gamble: This does sound good though. I like, whoever came up with surf and turf I think was my kind of person because they've obviously gone, you know normally you should have these things
separately but I'm going to invent a dish specifically jus to pile on as many things that I like as possible. And, if you come up with a nifty name you can get away with anything. 'Surf and turf'.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes exactly, there's no like natural way that a cow should ever meet a prawn.
Ed Gamble: No, apart from in like, in a surf and turf or sort of fun cartoon series.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes!
James Acaster: Yes. If a living cow meets a living prawn then there's probably a surf and turf about to happen. And I think that the cow would see the prawn and go, 'oh no'. It would instantly know.
Ed Gamble: The prawn wouldn't
Jessica Fostekew: The prawn wouldn't care.
Ed Gamble: The prawn wouldn't know anything. The octopus would be like, I know exactly what's about to happen, I'm out of here.
James Acaster: Uh oh. Quick, plan my exit strategy.
James Acaster: Uh oh. Quick, plan my exit strategy. The prawn: 'nice to meet you cow, what's going on?'.
Ed Gamble: 'You don't get a lot of cows around here'.
James Acaster: 'Why do you look so scared?'. Tell me more about Ian Simpson.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes! So he was a chef at this hotel. It's still there, it's called the Purbeck House Hotel in Swanage. And he was chef for years and there was another really wicked guy called Eric who would, who managed the restaurant and they were, sort of like, well they were mates and it was just the most fun place to work as a teenager because well, we just always got really drunk after work, in one of the turrets or in the sneaky in the sneaky little fosty bar. It was quite a sort of old people-y hotel. But anyway, it's just really lovely and I've stayed friends with them. When I got a bit older I did a bit of babysitting and stuff for Ian and his wife Liz and then they moved to Charmouth up the road in Dorset which is stunning, and opened their own like tiny really posh little hotel there. I went to stay there once or twice and we're still I went to stay there once or twice and we're still friends. So it's a nice happy ending to the Ian Simpson story but when I was first working there I was really scared of him because he was a really shouty chef. And they used to do pranks, whenever they got new young chefs in they used to do pranks on them. They got this guy, Darren, they'd send him down to the coop, the one supermarket in Swanage and make him ask for things like dangleberries.
James Acaster: Oh dear
Ed Gamble: Oh Darren
Jessica Fostekew: And, chicken nuts.
Ed Gamble: Chicken nuts?
Jessica Fostekew: Basically, 800 very creative words for testicle they would they would have him go to down to Budgens or coop and ask a staff member for. And he just did it again and again and again without realising that he was being diddled.
James Acaster: Aw, I'd love it if, you know, Darren did go and ask for those things and like the shop keeper was like, 'they're having you on mate, all these things mean testicles. I tell you what you should do', and then he could have just gone back to the kitchen and went, 'hey Ian, I've got your dangle berries right here' and then whipped them out, whipped out his own balls, onto the chopping board, going, 'here's your sweet mains baby'.
Ed Gamble: Ah well that's ruined sweet mains forever.
Jessica Fostekew: Yep.
James Acaster: Yeah, sorry. I don't, I know that's what you named your son and I don't want to ruin that for you.
Jessica Fostekew: Sweet mains Fostekew!
James Acaster: Yeah, Sweet Mains Fostekew.
James Acaster: What's gonna be the side dish now?
Jessica Fostekew: Oh god, I suppose actually then, I was gonna have some like triple fried chips from a really specific stall at End of the Road Festival, cos once, they're the best chips I've ever had and I'm from the seaside where I think the second best chips come from which is all chippies by the sea side. Yeah these ones, I'd had like a really terrible gastric flu. After Edinburgh. You know like after
Ed Gamble: This is how all the best food stories start.
Jessica Fostekew: You know after, well I don't know about you two but after Edinburgh festival every year my body goes 'FUCK YOU for doing that to me for a month, adrenaline-wise', and I just get an ailment like sometimes it will be, I've had everything from eczema through to whatever my body will just fall to bits for a couple of weeks after Edinburgh. And this year it was just this really intense gastric flu. And it had just passed, I'd not been able to eat anything which I hate in illness it stops me eating. It's
infuriating because when I'm not eating I'm very sad. Anyway, it was the first thing, I'd I'd tried to eat a few things and I'd just puked them or whatever, or worse, and just, oh, it was the first thing. Again probably they tasted of the freedom or the joy of being able to eat anything as much as anything else, but this stall that just did these triple fried chips. And this was a few years ago when it was it was probably the first time I'd ever seen something been like fried more than once, as if that was a good thing. And it bloody was actually. But, I'm not going to have those. I've talked about them from ages, for ages, only to say I'm not going to have them because I think I'm going to have sag aloo as my side, cos that's got potato in it as well. I love sag paneer as well but I think in this context, with that steak and prawn, I want sag aloo. I love spinach loads. You can have a shit sag aloo but even a shit sag aloo is really good and when it's super good and it's like. Oh, I don't know how to describe, I don't know how they do what they do to the spinach that makes it like nowhere ever grainy or bitter but like smooth but earthy but like a little bit spicy but maybe more peppery. Ah yeah, I want that
Ed Gamble: Is there a specific place where you get the sag aloo from?
Jessica Fostekew: It won't always be on the menu there because it's quite a fancy place that has a mixture of things but I'm going to say Babur in Brockley. It's like a, a sort of very high-end Indian restaurant but it's still super reasonable. And they'll do like a five-course tasting menu that will always have sag something in it. Last time I went there they didn't have sag aloo but I'm sure they'd rustle you one up. It's the same sag that'll be in their sag paneer and their paneer made me go, oh, I've never and paneer before like it's meant to be.
Ed Gamble: Right.
Jessica Fostekew: It was like all soft and, I thought, what?! It's not like that kind of almost brick of it that you can get in supermarkets normally that you have to like. It's kind of almost as much of a head fuck as tofu in terms of, oh, how are you meant to make this nice? Or absorb another flavour?
Ed Gamble: Yeah I know what you mean, it's, they're daunting ingredients, right? Cos it's just like getting a bit of polystyrene, of going like, what the hell am I supposed to do with this? There is a way of getting flavour into it but, oh boy.
Jessica Fostekew: Some kind of magic's involved.
James Acaster: What did you say the place was called?
Jessica Fostekew: Babur. B-A-B-U-R.
James Acaster: Okay thank you. I thought you said Bill Burr.
Ed Gamble: I'd absolutely love it if an Indian restaurant just called themselves Bill Burr.
James Acaster: 'Welcome to Bill Burr'.
Ed Gamble: 'Is there any connection with the comedian Bill Burr?', 'No'.
James Acaster: Nope.
Ed Gamble: Going back to the triple cooked chips briefly, Jess, why do you think they stopped at triple-cooking chips? Because I remember for a while there were double cooked chips and someone went, I'm triple cooking them, but then no one's ever gone, quad, quad cooked chips. Is that too far?
Jessica Fostekew: Quadruple cooked chips. I, I don't think it's too far I think it's just harder to say. And it just doesn't sound as good.
Ed Gamble: Yeah it doesn't roll off the tongue.
Jessica Fostekew: I think it's all the sort of aural aesthetics isn't it? Do you want a quad cooked chip? No. Can't say it, don't want to hear it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, four times cooked, there's no good way of saying it.
Jessica Fostekew: No.
Ed Gamble: Triple cooked chips is definitely the way to go.
Jessica Fostekew: It sounds nice.
James Acaster: I am going to be honest.
Jessica Fostekew: Uh oh.
James Acaster: I don't really understand what makes them triple cooked because in my head it's like they're frying them, they're taking them out, they're frying them again, they're taking them out, they're frying them again.
Ed Gamble: I think that's it, yeah.
James Acaster: But why don't you just fry them for longer? Why don't you just keep them in there for ages?
Ed Gamble: I don't really know the science behind it. I think some of it, it might be to do with the moisture as well, of getting them out, drying them
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, if you let the fat cool before heating it again, I think it does something that makes the outside crispier and crispier each time. Eventually, doesn't it sort of decay the crispy outside a bit each time as well? So maybe that is why, maybe that's the boring, real reason why you can't just do like, quintuple fried chips because the decay will have outdone the extra crisping.
Ed Gamble: But those are my favourite chips, the tiny ones right at the bottom that have almost no potato left in them.
Jessica Fostekew: They're just a dark brown husk.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I love husks. You can't ask for a bag of husks.
James Acaster: Oh, what's come up on the chat here? The Great Benito
Ed Gamble: Er, Benito's sent us the recipe for triple cooked chips.
James Acaster: The preparation process for involves the chips first being simmered.
Ed Gamble: Oh, it's a Heston Blumenthal thing.
James Acaster: And drained of water using a su-v technique by freezing, deep fried. Oh boy, do you know what? Even written down Benito is boring.
Ed Gamble: I think, I mean, I know it's warm in your flat James but, you know when you tried to read that triple cooked recipe out, it was almost nonsense.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I'vee traaa sowaa u vvv.
Jessica Fostekew: It's like a Harry Enfield character.
Ed Gamble: Yeah!
Jessica Fostekew: What's that? Gold standard.
Ed Gamble: And then had the temerity to accuse Benito of being boring when he's copy pasted something out that we've just asked for and then you've not been bothered to read it properly. 'God Benito's boring, isn't he? Ga gahhh blah blahh. Classic Benito'.
James Acaster: That's why I've never acted in anything. 'Oh god this script writer is boring', 'you just delivered it real bad, James'.
Ed Gamble: But we're going with sag aloo. That's what we're going with. Delicious.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes please.
James Acaster: Oh, do you want
Ed Gamble: Oh, there he goes.
James Acaster: I'm not going to say what I was going to say because it would involve, I know, look, I've been in this comedy game long enough now to know that if I did the riff I was about to do it would end up, I can join the dots, like an octopus I can plan ahead and I know exactly where it was gonna end up and it was gonna end up with me singing 'sag aloo' to the tune of Agadoo. And I'm not, I'm not about to walk down that path just yet.
Ed Gamble: Is it something to do with Jess having pushed pineapple for dessert?
James Acaster: Oh I hope there's pushed pineapple for dessert. Pushed pineapple. That's the part of the song that I say, pushed pineapple makes less sense than the actual phrase agadoo.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah.
James Acaster: Agadoo, I can understand that. Shake a tree, fair enough. Pushing a pineapple? What are you playing at? One handed or two handed? How do you imagine it? Well I know the dance move has been two hands?
Ed Gamble: It's two handed right? Yeah.
James Acaster: But it always seems too much. I'm always thinking, I can push a pineapple one handed, why is it always two hands?
Ed Gamble: You need two to shake the tree I think.
James Acaster: You need two to shape the tree.
Ed Gamble: But you can push a pineapple with one hand, easy.
James Acaster: You can push a pineapple with one finger, I mean it's easy. But they're always two-handed pushing that pineapple.
Ed Gamble: But is the pineapple on the, is it a pineapple tree so surely, if you skip straight to shake the tree you're doing the same as pushing the pineapple.
James Acaster: But then why is push pineapple first? You're pushing the pineapple and then shaking the tree?
Jessica Fostekew: It's absolutely mental isn't it? Are you getting the pineapple out of the way, you're rolling all of the pineapples out of the way just to shake the tree and get a load more pineapples down so that you know which shake each batch of pineapples came from?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew: Which vintage of pineapple it was.
Ed Gamble: And we haven't even started on what agadoo means.
James Acaster: That's how ridiculous push pineapple is, it's like, I just accept agadoo straight out the gate. Agadoo, yep absolutely. Push pineapple, hold on, what?
Ed Gamble: I mean, what you've done now James is that unfortunately everyone listening for the next at least twenty four hours will be singing Agadoo but replacing it with sag aloo.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah.
James Acaster: Yep, they'll be replacing it was sag aloo. They'll be saying 'push pineapple' and then that will blow their minds
Jessica Fostekew: You might have even ruined me ordering it ever again for the rest of my life.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Certainly out loud. I mean you can probably do it on like a takeaway menu or a Deliveroo or something but if you've ever got to order sag aloo in Babur again
Jessica Fostekew: Hmm and say it.
James Acaster: Also now you've said Deliveroo, I'm thinking Deliveroo to the tune of Agadoo. Two handed pushing pineapple, I'm not gonna get, I'm not gonna
Ed Gamble: No no.
James Acaster: Unless you're a little hamster.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, maybe that's what, maybe within the song Agadoo you're you have to imagine that you're a hamster.
Jessica Fostekew: Have hamsters got hands?!
Ed Gamble: Have hamsters got hands? No, Jess, they've just got little stumps. They just, they're little balls of fur and they roll around.
James Acaster: Well if they've got flippers, what have hamsters got, Jess?
Jessica Fostekew: Paws.
James Acaster: They can still push a pineapple.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh fair enough, I suppose. Could they?
Ed Gamble: Well they push those little balls that they're in, don't they, the hamsters
James Acaster: Well they probably couldn't move the pineapple actually, to be fair
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah if you hollowed out a pineapple they could have a run around in one.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Okay, what animal is small enough that it would have to two-handed push a pineapple but also strong enough that it could actually push that pineapple and get some movement.
Ed Gamble: A good question. A cat I think, a cat.
James Acaster: A cat, a chihuahua.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah yeah, something like that. I was thinking some sort of marsupial sort of small, yeah. A macaque.
James Acaster: A macaque could get some movement on them.
Ed Gamble: A macaque, yeah definitely, a macaque.
Jessica Fostekew: Probably quite a long list actually, it depends how long we've got.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: So Agadoo is actually through the eyes of a macaque.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew: Yep.
James Acaster: A stub tailed macaque.
Ed Gamble: Ordering sag aloo.
James Acaster: Ordered a sag aloo, is now pushing a pineapple. But, is that stub tailed macaque strong enough to shake a tree?
Ed Gamble: Definitely not.
James Acaster: So now that's out of the running. We've got to presume it's not that. Or the cat. A cat's not shaking a tree.
Jessica Fostekew: Small bear?
James Acaster: Yeah actually. I think it's got to be a small bear, hasn't it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, small bear.
James Acaster: It's gotta be a small bear, yeah a small bear, a bear cub would push a pineapple with two hands and it could also shake a tree and get some movement out of it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, done, tick.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh, thank god for that.
Ed Gamble: What's your drink, Jess?
Jessica Fostekew: Oh, I find it very hard because I do really like all the drinks. I think with this feast it's gonna be, let's say like a snazzy champagne.
Ed Gamble: A snazzy champagne?
Jessica Fostekew: A snazzy champagne.
James Acaster: Pulling out the snazz again.
Ed Gamble: As snazzy as the oyster?
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah. Actually, I think that's the one thing that would go with all the things. Dom Perignon. That's the snazziest. Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Don Perignon. Now, are you a champagne buff? Do you think? Because I have got no idea, I could drink a Don Perignon and I think I could drink any other sort of champagne and I don't think I'd be able to tell the difference or what the hell was going on
Jessica Fostekew: I'm not a champagne buff but I'm not completely, I don't know nothing about it. My dad worked for a champagne company for like fifty years
Ed Gamble: Ooh!
Jessica Fostekew: So I used to go to tastings and stuff and pour little bits of champagne for people.
James Acaster: What?
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, so he worked for Moët and Chandon who are called Moët Hennessy Christian Dior Vio something now. Weirdly we, so, oh this makes me sound so much posher than I am, he was a travelling salesman, but we always had champagne in our house. But I hated champagne until I was in my thirties and then suddenly something like clicked in and was like, oh that's very nice. But yeah the nicest bottle I've ever had is that he got me a bottle of Dom Perignon which is like the, the best Moët and Chandon from, named after the monk who invented champagne, created it.
James Acaster: Oh, I didn't know that.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah, that's Dom.
Ed Gamble: Don as in, short for Donald?
Jessica Fostekew: Dom
Ed Gamble: Dom, oh right. Short for Dominic?
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah!
Ed Gamble: Dominic Perignon.
James Acaster: Dominic Perignon.
Jessica Fostekew: And he got me a bottle from the year I was born 1983, and I drank it when my son was born. And it was like all, like biscuity and almost creamy and amazing.
James Acaster: Wow.
Ed Gamble: Hmm, now. If anyone ever accuses me of being posh again, I'll just let them know that I always thought that Dom Perignon was called Don Perignon. If you always had champagne in your house, you know when teenagers go out drinking and they nick booze from their parents drinking cabinets, did you always like just turn up with two bottles of bubbly like an absolute legend?
Jessica Fostekew: No, because that was where I drew the line. Also, I don't want to get him carried away by social services but my dad was, my dad would be the one who, because he worked in London during the week and would come back down to Dorset, where I was growing up, he would bring me enough booze for me and my mates for every weekend from when we were so illegally young. We'd have like all alcopops and stuff, so I never needed to be that kid that nicked out of their parents' booze cabinet. But, once we got older, yeah, if I'd be like, 'oh Sally's doing dinner for everyone or whatever, he'd be like, 'take take this bottle of champagne', I'd be like, 'okay'.
Ed Gamble: That is good.
Jessica Fostekew: I felt like a prick though. Rocking up at seventeen.
James Acaster: I love the thought of you as a teenager, just you and your mates, 'oh see you later Dad, I'm just going to meet the girls, gonna get pissed behind a skip', and he's like, 'do you want some booze?'.
And you're just like, 'yeah, I'd love some booze', 'hold on a second', and then he gets like a bottle of champagne and holds it like a waiter properly holds it, with his arm like behind the back, then cut to you and your friends going, 'hmm, very biscuity, are you getting those notes, Jemima?'
Jessica Fostekew: Jemima!
James Acaster: Not Jemima, Fostekew wouldn't hang out with a Jemima.
Jessica Fostekew: No, not one Jemima in my life.
James Acaster: Can we try and guess your friends names?
Jessica Fostekew: Yes please. My Dorset ones, yep.
James Acaster: When you were growing up.
Jessica Fostekew: Yep.
Ed Gamble: Well, you've already said Sally.
Jessica Fostekew: Yep, sorry. I gave that one away.
James Acaster: So that's one. I think you would have been friends with a Natalie.
Jessica Fostekew: No. Natalie bullied me.
James Acaster: Okay, well, man. I could not have misfired more there.
Ed Gamble: It's just amazing how quickly I've forgotten all girl's names apart from Jess and Sally.
Jessica Fostekew: It's the, you'll kick yourself because they're like the names that every girl is called.
Ed Gamble: Steph!
Jessica Fostekew: No. That's my girlfriend's name.
Ed Gamble: Are you not friends with your girlfriend?
Jessica Fostekew: Yes
James Acaster: So competitive! He gets in with that straight away. 'Oh, I guess you're not friends with your girlfriend then'.
Ed Gamble: Oh I guess that's a point then, for me, is it?
James Acaster: Rebecca. Becky?
Jessica Fostekew: Oh, close but no.
Ed Gamble: Jane?
Jessica Fostekew: No.
James Acaster: Jane?
Jessica Fostekew: I'm not that old.
Ed Gamble: Jane is the only girl's name I can think of.
James Acaster: Rachel?
Jessica Fostekew: Nnn, a uni friend called that, you can have that.
James Acaster: Sarah.
Jessica Fostekew: Nope.
James Acaster: How have I not got one yet?
Ed Gamble: Violet?
Jessica Fostekew: No
Ed Gamble: Violet Beauregarde
Jessica Fostekew: Errr.
James Acaster: Kaa.. Kathy Burke?
Jessica Fostekew: I wish!
Ed Gamble: Look, we did really well there. All we had to do was guess some ladies' names and we came up with Violet Beauregarde and Kathy Burke.
Jessica Fostekew: You were so close. You were so close!
James Acaster: We come to sweet mains.
Jessica Fostekew: Sweet mains. Thank you for giving it its proper name.
James Acaster: I'm hoping it's a sweet mains?
Jessica Fostekew: It is gonna be a sweet mains. I don't, I'm not all, I'm very rarely in the mood for a pudding. I l think I've got like a salt tooth instead of a sweet tooth.
Ed Gamble: Yes. Yes! Salt tooth. I've never heard it described like that. That's a good tattoo.
Jessica Fostekew: 'Salt tooth' and then 'starters are my puddings'.
Ed Gamble: I'd get 'starters are my pudding' as like one of those big stomach tattoos and then I'd walk into a restaurant and when they ask me what I want for dessert, I just lift up my t shirt.
Jessica Fostekew: Already at it.
James Acaster: And they go, 'so sorry, do you want starters or pudding? What do you want?'.
Jessica Fostekew: I'll have another starter
Ed Gamble: I'm fine, yeah.
James Acaster: They wouldn't know what you meant.
Ed Gamble: I'm a salt tooth, do you, what about that do you not understand?
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah. But even though I'm a salt, even though I'm a salt tooth I don't want to, I don't want to be that guy that skips straight to cheese so I want something really lemony. My mum makes, and apparently is my auntie Penny's recipe, which'll be my great auntie Penny, this lemon meringue thing. It's like a roulade, is that how you say it?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Jessica Fostekew: And inside it's like the most bright bright lemon and then outside, the every outside is all crusty meringue and then there's this kind of like interim circle that's got like dots of that softer meringue and something else, but it's all soft. And it's, you serve it really cold and the lemony bit is like, so sharp, that it almost tastes fizzy like sherbert. But it's also really light, like it doesn't give you that kind of like gippy, sugared-up, you know when you've been over sugared? Like you might be from a chocolate raisin. It doesn't give you that because it's so refreshing. Like it's a proper like, it's like a slap around the face but it's done internally.
James Acaster: Hmm, yes.
Ed Gamble: An internal slap.
Jessica Fostekew: You know, you know what. And I'd like that
James Acaster: Like you've just swallowed a Greek fisherman.
Jessica Fostekew: Yes! And then for, and then with it to come just as I'm finishing it, can I have like an amaretto coffee?
Ed Gamble: Yeah!
James Acaster: Yes.
Ed Gamble: Yeah you can.
James Acaster: I don't see why not.
Jessica Fostekew: Is it, an Italian coffee. One of those please.
James Acaster: It sounds delicious.
Jessica Fostekew: Good.
Ed Gamble: I love lemony stuff. I think I've only come around to it in the last few years but lemon, oh, extremely lemony desserts are right up my street.
Jessica Fostekew: I worry it's maybe, cos I feel like I talk to lots of people who say this but, and I worry it's our ageing pallets. Like if it just takes a bit longer to like something that intense.
Ed Gamble: Yeah maybe our mouths are dying because of age and we need something to, really really exciting to fire them back up again.
Jessica Fostekew: It's a, your knees, our mouths.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. All I can taste any more is lemons and anchovies.
James Acaster: Yeah. I don't think I've ever regretted getting a lemon dessert. However, every time I look at a menu I weirdly write off the lemon desserts in my head. I skip past them as if they're not even proper desserts.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah!
Ed Gamble: Straight to chocolate?
James Acaster: But then, yeah, but then when you get them you're like, oh no this is absolutely the best one and I made the right choice, but not enough times do I make that choice.
Ed Gamble: Yep, yeah.
Jessica Fostekew: What's going on there? Do you think it needs better PR?
James Acaster: Yeah, no one's, no one's pushing lemons.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah. Shake a tree.
James Acaster: Maybe that's what push pineapples means, it's just the PR team.
Jessica Fostekew: That's exactly it!
James Acaster: We need to push these pineapples
Jessica Fostekew: We need a really nice poster for pineapples.
Ed Gamble: We gotta push pineapples.
Jessica Fostekew: We need to push pineapples a lot harder guys.
James Acaster: No one's, no one's buying these pineapples, we've got to push them.
Ed Gamble: Lemon posset, my dad made a lemon posset once which is the richest thing I've ever eaten.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: He was like, I've made this lemon posset and then I've put it in wine glasses and then everyone got about three bites in and was like, that's enough for me, thank you. And then he had to just scrape it all into the bin.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh!
James Acaster: See, my dad and your dad would be the perfect team.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I think so.
James Acaster: My dad would finish those.
Ed Gamble: Although sorry to, I know it's your episode, Jess, but I'm just going to read out my dad's Off Menu choices that my sister forced him to pick.
James Acaster: Oh, now, give us some context for this. When did this happen?
Ed Gamble: This was a few days ago, I don't think my dad's ever listened to the podcast but my sister listened and her and her boyfriend tried to get my dad to pick his Off Menu choices while they were on a walk. Just going to read them out. My dad's quite a stubborn man by the way so, this is what they could get out of him after two hours. Popadoms or bread? Neither, it's too much. Starter? Gazpacho. Main? Can't decide. Side? Depends what the main is. Drink? Depends what I'm eating. Dessert? German cheesecake. So that's what, that was two hours that took.
Jessica Fostekew: Oh my god. Get him on. Get him on the show guys.
James Acaster: Definitely gazpacho.
Ed Gamble: Definitely the shortest episode yet. I love just the stubbornness of, 'main? Can't decide. Side? Depends what my main is'.
James Acaster: Yeah yep, yeah. Drink? Depends what I'm eating. Dessert? German cheesecake.
Jessica Fostekew: Lovely.
James Acaster: Well I, I think that sounds like a very good menu Jess. And I like that you've got the amaretto coffee shot at the end as well.
Jessica Fostekew: Yeah. I had one the other day and it was the first time in years and years and years and I was like, why haven't I, why have I not been doing this more often. It's really nice. Hang on, even my coffees now need a sweet mains.
James Acaster: Now you're talking.
Jessica Fostekew: And it's gonna be alcoholic.
James Acaster: Jess Fostekew, I'm going to read you back your menu now. See how you, see how you feel about it, see if you still feel good about these choices. You would like sparkling water. You would like flopadoms for your popadoms or bread choice. Starter, you want a Benito box, fresh calamari straight out the water, big Scottish oyster with Tobasco and all the trimmings and barbecque octopus as well. Main course, Ian Simpson's surf and turf. Side dish, sag aloo loo loo from Babur in Brockley, London. Drink, Dom Perignon, snazzy. And dessert, you would like mum's brackets via great auntie Penny's lemon roulade with an amaretto coffee.
Jessica Fostekew: Whoa, yes please!!
Ed Gamble: Yeah that is a really good menu.
Jessica Fostekew: Cor, when you put it all in a row like that I couldn't be more smug about my choices if I'm honest.
James Acaster: It is pretty good.
Ed Gamble: Ethics be damned.
Jessica Fostekew: Ethics be damned, sorry ethics.
James Acaster: Bad luck ethics, that's a good menu.
Ed Gamble: Absolutely delicious. Thank you so much for coming to the Dream Restaurant Jess
Jessica Fostekew: Thanks so much for having me here.
Ed Gamble: I feel like we sorted out a lot of issues, I feel like we raised a lot of issues re Agadoo. So if anyone wants to get in contact and let us know the origins of pushing a pineapple, do do that, but that is an absolutely delicious menu. Jess, tell us about your food podcast very briefly because we didn't give it a proper push at the beginning.
James Acaster: Yeah!
Jessica Fostekew: It's called Hoovering and it's about eating. Yeah it's a goodie.
Ed Gamble: Yes, and, Jess is a better host than us because quite often when you do the podcast with Jess she will bring you food.
James Acaster: Yeah. Jess brought food to my flat to record the podcast, probably exactly two years ago to this day and I had just moved in, and my flat was completely bare and we just sat in an empty room
Jessica Fostekew: We sat on the floor and had bircher didn't we?
James Acaster: Yes, and it was exactly what I needed.
Jessica Fostekew: Yay! And to Ed's house, he had a white sofa and I brought some büche around which is
Ed Gamble: Yes, the most staining food of all time.
Jessica Fostekew: That was one of the most stressful, yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah. A lot of people have that complaint about doing podcasts with us, it's a stressful experience. It's very hard for us to get guests onto this actually.
Jessica Fostekew: Not true. I love this podcast, thank you so much for having me on it.
Ed Gamble: Well thank you very much for coming. Push pineapple, shake the tree.
Ed Gamble: Well there we go. I think that was a pretty delicious menu from Jess actually.
James Acaster: Scrumptious.
Ed Gamble: Real scrumptious. Lovely to see a shout out to the surf and turf.
James Acaster: Yes.
Ed Gamble: And thank Jesus actually for Jess not saying hemp seeds.
James Acaster: Ah yes. Thank you for not saying hemp seeds Jess Fostekew because Ed would not have liked that, he would have huffed and puffed.
Ed Gamble: I would have had to get my blowing lips ready and blown, blown Jess out the restaurant as well. Which I couldn't do because I can't even blow a pumpkin seed off the plate.
James Acaster: I mean you could and you should try it but
Ed Gamble: I couldn't, I, okay, if it was a pile of pumpkin seeds I couldn't blow them off the plate.
James Acaster: Well you keep changing the rules here but like, but you could actually
Ed Gamble: It's my game
James Acaster: Do you know what, even if it was a pile of pumpkin seeds
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: with a few breaths you could get it off the plate because you would disrupt
Ed Gamble: I dunno man, it's
James Acaster: Cos you would disrupt the pile with the first blow, they're not all stuck together
Ed Gamble: It's been a long lockdown, it's been a long old lockdown I don't know if i could, what my blowing power's like.
James Acaster: You're exercising all the time, everyone knows it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah but I've not been, I've been mainly working on my shoulders, I've not been working on my blowing, my seed blowing like I normally do.
James Acaster: I think you'd surprise yourself.
Ed Gamble: Okay, well that's something to do anyway. When we can finally meet up, me and James will get together and we'll, that'll be our next live stream actually, we'll live stream some seed blowing.
James Acaster: Yep, we'll get a load of different seeds and try to blow each seed and see how far we can get it.
Ed Gamble: Twelve quid a ticket. Thank you very much Jess for coming into the Dream Restaurant for another home cooking episode. Great menu. Do go and listen to Jess' podcast Hoovering, it is a very good food podcast which I think predates ours and they've had a lot of wonderful guests on in the past. Everyone you can think of, everyone you'd like to hear really. Jess is also got a stand-up special available James.
James Acaster: On Next-Up, it's called Silence of the Nans. Go and watch that, it's excellent, so funny. And just get as much Jess Fostekew in your life as you can.
Ed Gamble: Do it. I highly recommend it. But for now, let's say goodbye. It's time to shut the doors of the Dream Restaurant once more and we'll see you again sometime soon. Goodbye.
James Acaster: Bring down the shutters. We'll see you again sometime soon.
Ed Gamble: Goodbye.
James Acaster: Goodbye.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the creamiest, sweetest podcast on the internet, it's the coconut yoghurt of the um, airwaves. It's the Off Menu podcast.
James Acaster: Hello Ed!
Ed Gamble: I've run out of these completely now, I can't even be bothered to think of any. You were texting at the beginning. Come on, come on James.
James Acaster: Sorry. Hi! It's Off Menu time!
Ed Gamble: It's Off Menu time baby. This is a food podcast where we ask our special guest what, James?
James Acaster: We ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink and this week's guest is Todd Barry! Ed you didn't join in with Todd Barry.
Ed Gamble: Yeah because I was enjoying watching you do it.
James Acaster: Oh come on man.
Ed Gamble: And I was just really laughing at the, at the energy you're giving it compared to Todd's sort of general energy.
James Acaster: Yeah. Sure. I mean but I felt like, you know I got called out for texting at the start so I'm like, come on, give it all you've got James, give it all your energy and you really throw yourself into Todd Barry and Ed will come in and harmonise with you. I was just on my own.
Ed Gamble: I was also calling myself out for, I was calling myself out for not coming up with a good intro to the podcast myself as well and I said that thing about the coconut yoghurt with the air waves which was not good enough.
James Acaster: Yes yeah. It's just because you ate a coconut yoghurt the other day and you're thinking, you've been thinking about it
Ed Gamble: Well that's what I'm doing. I've done a bagel flavoured intro the other day, I've done a bagel flavoured intro, I've done a coconut yoghurt flavoured intro cos it was really good the coconut yoghurt
James Acaster: You looked like you really enjoyed it, it had cashews in it.
Ed Gamble: Oh my my
James Acaster: Cashews and loads of like like what is it, coconut just like sliced on top of it, or whatever it was, flaked
Ed Gamble: It was from a place called Broken Coconut in New York which says it's healthy food but if that's healthy, oooh, I'll be going there every day.
James Acaster: Yeah, it looked very good. I had the poké bowl there and that was delicious. Loads of tuna.
Ed Gamble: Yeah it was. Little food update there, but, we must get on with the business of Off Menu.
James Acaster: Now, here's the thing Ed, even though I love Todd Barry, he's a very very funny comedian, he's done little acting roles as well
Ed Gamble: He is
James Acaster: You might have seen him in Flight of the Concords. He was also had a very small part in The Wrestler
Ed Gamble: Yes he did.
James Acaster: Which is, everyone always enjoys that cameo. But he's one of the greatest comics and such a good deadpan and funny comedian. However, I will, and no ifs or buts, I don't want none of your coconuts
Ed Gamble: Oh why not, it's delicious.
James Acaster: I'll kick him out of the restaurant if he mentions the secret ingredient, an ingredient that we don't like: sugar candy mice.
Ed Gamble: Candy mice. Hate them. Hate any sweet in the shape of a mouse. They're always disgusting.
James Acaster: Right.
Ed Gamble: The sugar ones? Rank. The little white chocolate ones you get at cinema pick and mix?
James Acaster: Yeah, don't like them.
Ed Gamble: Horrible, they don't taste, they don't taste of chocolate
James Acaster: Yep, absolutely hate them. I don't know who's going in, I would really, if I worked in a cinema and I saw people going up to the pick and mix and I saw someone take a big scoop of the white chocolate mice I'd think, what are you doing?
Ed Gamble: What are you playing at?
James Acaster: What is the point of even getting the pick and mix if that's what you're spending it on.
Ed Gamble: Now, I suspect that Todd's not going to pick that but if he does, he's out.
James Acaster: It's just solid like sugar, with not much flavour to it whatsoever in the shape of a mouse, which is a bad shape for it because like, it's just too, it's like curved in the in stupid places.
Ed Gamble: Why why? Yeah.
James Acaster: It's like, it's not like a nice ball of sugar or a nice rectangle, a nice solid shape, it's a weird shape of just like weird, oh now this bit sticks out and then there's ears and a little pointy nose and then this big round bit for the butt. And then there's like string coming out the end of its tail.
Ed Gamble: Jelly worms, now that's a good shape for a sweet.
James Acaster: Oh, I love a jelly worm.
Ed Gamble: Love that. The candy mice can absolutely fuck off. So. Todd, please don't say candy mice, we're looking forward to meeting you. So, without further ado, here is the Off Menu menu of
Both:: Todd Barry!
Ed Gamble: Welcome Todd Barry to the Dream Restaurant.
Todd Barry: Okay. Oh yeah wow, you do your own sound effects, that's great.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah.
James Acaster: Welcome Todd Barry, we've been expecting you
Todd Barry: This is a big get, it's a big get for you guys
James Acaster: A huge get! Would you like an amuse bouche to start?
Todd Barry: I don't even know, what is an amuse bouche?
James Acaster: Ah, it's like a little bonus dish that you weren't expecting that you didn't order
Todd Barry: Oh yes.
James Acaster: When they're like, bam, there you go.
Todd Barry: Oh you mean like when they say this is from the chef?
James Acaster: Yeah, this is from the chef.
Ed Gamble: Yes, yeah. When you didn't choose it and you didn't want it but the chef gives it to you anyway.
Todd Barry: Right. I know, that happens when you're a little famous.
James Acaster: Oh yeah yeah?
Ed Gamble: Yeah when, when in your career did you notice you were getting the amuse bouches?
Todd Barry: Oh the amuse bouches were coming at me? I don't know, it's just an occasional thing. Especially if I write in the reservation that I'm famous.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you reserve the table for Todd Barry I'm famous?
Todd Barry: Yeah I write, extend all courtesies, I'm famous.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Yes. Do you put, do you just cut, when they say, 'what's the name?', you go, 'it's famous Tod Barry'.
Todd Barry: Oh I just put a picture and go, you tell me the name.
Ed Gamble: What's the amuse bouche James today?
James Acaster: A bag of potato chips.
Todd Barry: Oh really? Alright.
Ed Gamble: How do you feel about that?
Todd Barry: I love potato chips.
Ed Gamble: Well there you go.
Todd Barry: I had two bags last night of, I think they were, they might have been from your country, your land. I forgot the brand but they were the cheesy onion and
Ed Gamble: The, the cheesy onion.
James Acaster: Walkers?
Todd Barry: They might have been Walkers. I should have saved the bag had I known.
James Acaster: Yeah you should have brought it with you.
Todd Barry: But I went to a bar with a guy and he goes, here take two bags of chips. That's sort of an amuse bouche for me.
James Acaster: I, yeah yeah. So you've already had them?
Todd Barry: That's the second day in a row that I've got the same amuse bouche now that I think about it. Has this ever happened on your show?
James Acaster: It's never happened, it's never happened before, this is crazy.
Ed Gamble: No no, this is a first, this is a first.
Todd Barry: But yeah, potato chips are good.
Ed Gamble: And was it, is it quite exotic to get a UK potato chip in New York.
Todd Barry: They're pretty easy to find.
James Acaster: Could you tell the difference?
Todd Barry: They are, they are way better.
Ed Gamble: Thank you Todd.
Todd Barry: Oh my god, they're so much better. You just don't know, Americans don't know about potato chips. They're pretty good. But we have our Doritos which are
Ed Gamble: Sure.
Todd Barry: Well, it's not a contest.
Ed Gamble: Well they're very different, the Dorito.
James Acaster: Are you a Dorito fan?
Todd Barry: I had, I don't eat them often but I do like when I'm at a party and someone's gone all out and they've put Doritos out and I'm like, oh I guess I've got to eat Doritos then. But I'm not buying a lot of Doritos anymore.
James Acaster: Right.
Ed Gamble: No I know what you mean. And they, they come in big bags and there's too much dust on them. And if you get through a big bag of Doritos you're ending up with a lot of dust on your front.
Todd Barry: On your front?
Ed Gamble: On the front.
Todd Barry: What do you mean on the front?
Ed Gamble: On the front of your body.
Todd Barry: Oh okay. Well if you're eating Doritos I guess you're probably not, I mean I guess at a party but I mean normally it's usually that you're on the coach
Ed Gamble: On your back, yeah.
Todd Barry: Yeah
James Acaster: You're just rolling around in the dust like a chinchilla?
Todd Barry: Yeah, you know. Coating yourself and then deep frying yourself.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah yeah.
James Acaster: Top three Doritos flavours?
Todd Barry: Ah, well. Wow you guys are, you're good.
Ed Gamble: Straight in. We don't muck around mate
Todd Barry: Man, you guys don't hold back. You don't ease into it you just go right into the, you go for the jugular. The, well now, I think it's gotten a little silly with them because they used to be like, cool ranch, nacho cheese and then the taco flavour which was a little, not my favourite. And then, I don't even know they're like, Thai flash or Thai burst or something. Like it just, they're all pretty much, I mean they all seem to have, they're all a little bit samey but they're
James Acaster: Sure.
Todd Barry: There's not like a dorito where you're like, oh, this is disgusting.
James Acaster: Yeah, that's nice.
Todd Barry: Yeah, it's really nice.
James Acaster: You're gonna be getting a lot of free Doritos now
Todd Barry: I mean I do get free stuff yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, well what's the best free thing that you've got from being famous?
Todd Barry: Well I do this thing, it's kind of obnoxious but I do it on twitter called free stuff for Todd, it's a hashtag where I just basically say can you send me something. I've gotten a coach, I got a really nice litter box, I got a great vacuum, I've gotten lots of kombucha.
Ed Gamble: You do have a cat, we should probably mention.
Todd Barry: Yeah, oh, well I mean you don't have to mention.
James Acaster: Well otherwise everyone will be picturing you dumping on the litter box
Ed Gamble: You didn't get a free litter box because of the free toilet didn't come through
Todd Barry: Yeah just for spite, it's just for spiteful like, yeah, you sent me a free litter box, I don't even have a cat. I got one and now I'm just going to throw it out. But I've got some, yeah I've gotten some chips of some sort
Ed Gamble: That's basically the reason we do this podcast is to get
Todd Barry: Do you get a lot of free stuff?
Ed Gamble: To get free food
James Acaster: Yep! Yes we do.
Ed Gamble: Oh man
Todd Barry: Well what do you guys get? Am I allowed to ask you questions?
Ed Gamble: Absolutely you can ask us questions. We we get a lot of free snacks
James Acaster: My fridge is currently, sorry refrigerator
Todd Barry: Oh, you know about that joke of mine?
James Acaster: Yeah, I know about that joke. As soon as I said it I thought I'm in massive trouble.
Todd Barry: Oh, wow. That's very flattering that you know that
James Acaster: Oh yeah yeah
Todd Barry: That terrible joke of mine
James Acaster: That's a great bit, that's a great bit. My refrigerator, Todd, Todd doesn't like it when people say fridge.
Ed Gamble: Right okay.
Todd Barry: I don't like veggies either though. And people say veggies so keep
James Acaster: Why don't you like fridge?
Todd Barry: It just, I don't know, it's weird. It's like, I have a lot of sounds issues. It's like mysophobia I have, are you familiar?
James Acaster: No
Todd Barry: It's when you can't listen to people eat without punching the walls and crying in rage. So I have that but you know also even like when people have their little phone out and they think they have the little ping like, they think that's the unobtrusive sound and that one makes me, like in a coffee shop
Ed Gamble: How do you feel about, and then there's not many of these people around but the peopel who leave the key sounds on the phone so you can hear them typing?
Todd Barry: Oh, typing drives, I was just at a coffee shop before I got here with the I guess the owner was typing away and she must have been typing like one hundred words a minute and I was like, I was almost gonna move and then I was like, I dunno, that's a weird reason to move, like, you're typing too fast
Ed Gamble: You're too good at your job
Todd Barry: But, what was your question? Oh the key sound. Oh yeah I mean it's just weird like if you're at a coffee shop, if you put it on vibrate you're going to notice if you have a message. Oh, I'm really angry
James Acaster: There's a bit in Uncut Gems which is, the whole film is like stressful
Todd Barry: Yeah
James Acaster: And when he's hiding and he wants to surprise someone and he's texting them and he's in the closet and he's left the clicky clack sound on the thing
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah yeah
James Acaster: And, it's just another stressful bit of the film where you're like just, if you're gonna surprise them turn the sound off or they're gonna hear you in the cupboard.
Todd Barry: I've sometimes wanted to tell people like, do you need, do you want me to help you turn that off?
Ed Gamble: Yeah it's the first thing you should do when you get a phone is switch those sounds off
Todd Barry: Switch, turn that shit off. My stuff's off right now man, I didn't even
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: I think if there's ever anyone on like a bus or something that's playing music out of their phone, the best thing to do to get them back is just to get your phone out and play music at the same volume, just play a completely different song
Todd Barry: I saw a guy who, that reminds me of, he did this prank who would sit next to people who were at the airport on the phone and he would just be pretend that he was on the other end. So he was like, 'hey Mary what time should we meet?', 'er we should meet at six o'clock'. He was just sitting next to these people and he would just responding, it was pretty funny.
Ed Gamble: What I used to do as a teenager Todd, and this is probably a more obnoxious prank, was to sit opposite someone on the tube, er subway
Todd Barry: Yeah I know what the tube is. Four stars in the London times twice, two four star reviews. Go ahead.
Ed Gamble: And if they were reading a book and you were with someone you would have a conversation with your friend and then try and get the title of the book into your conversation. It just sort of gently confused everyone.
Todd Barry: Oh that, that's funny. That's such a weird, yeah I like that.
Ed Gamble: Just a sly, yeah yeah yeah.
James Acaster: So we always start off with still or sparkling water.
Todd Barry: Oh, you know, I think generally I would go for a still but a sparkling's nice also. But also like there's that whole thing of like well what am I paying for? Am I paying for this? Cos there are restaurants, I dunno how it is where you are, but there are places where we make our own sparkling water and it's complimentary and, not that I'm cheap but, I'm not always going to pay for sparkling water
Ed Gamble: But if it's on offer for free you've gotta have it right?
Todd Barry: Oh let me have it. Let me have a little of both.
James Acaster: Yeah, a little bit of both
Ed Gamble: A half and half?
James Acaster: What one do you want on the top?
Todd Barry: Oh yeah, I want it layered, like a real fancy drink.
James Acaster: Yeah I think we can put half and half in
Todd Barry: Let's do, let's just do still water
James Acaster: So we'll do some still water
Ed Gamble: Tap or fancy bottle?
Todd Barry: Well, you know, if I'm on a date, fancy bottle but if it's just me and you guys, let's go still. Unless you've got your Off Menu corporate card then let's go
James Acaster: How cold do you like it?
Todd Barry: Ah that's a good question. I like a nice cold water, yeah
Ed Gamble: Yeah
Todd Barry: That whole like, I gfuess when you're going on stage I guess it might be better to have room temperature water for your throat, I don't know, but let's go cold
James Acaster: Nice and cold
Todd Barry: Yeah, even ice, I'll take some ice. Squeeze of lime.
James Acaster: Put some ice in there. Do you want crushed ice or the cubed ice?
Todd Barry: Um, wow.
Ed Gamble: We go pretty deep man.
Todd Barry: Yeah man, I thought my podcast was shallow, this is, this is, this is unbelievably shallow. No I love this shit, it's better than talking about comedy right? Oh my god. Crushed or cubed?
James Acaster: Cubed or
Todd Barry: I mean there's some bars where you can get like they they have like eight different types of ice cubes and that's always, a good like really, there's a certain type of crushing of ice that's really good but let's go crushed.
James Acaster: Yeah, we'll crush it up.
Todd Barry: Yeah it's kind of, oh that's another peeve of mine, people who chew ice, oh my god.
Ed Gamble: I am one of those people.
Todd Barry: Are you? Right, come on man, come on. You chew? Fucking crunch?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I can't wait to get through the water just so I can crunch on the ice. That's the main reason I get it.
James Acaster: Let him have it. You can lay into him if you want.
Todd Barry: No, that was, it would have to actually happen in front of me then I'm
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I'm not gonna do it now cos we know about your issue with sounds we wouldn't do that.
Todd Barry: Yeah yeah yeah yeah, out of respect. Thank you.
James Acaster: Knowing that he's that sort of person
Todd Barry: Yeah, it's a little weird like, you don't even seem to be like, 'and I'm going to try not to be that sort of person'
Ed Gamble: No I love it
Todd Barry: You're owning it
Ed Gamble: Every time I do it I'm going to think of you
Todd Barry: You're defiant about your chewing of ice.
James Acaster: Why do you love it?
Ed Gamble: I just really like it, it's just tactile, you know it's something to do innit
Todd Barry: Can you get that tactile sensation from the food you ordered?
Ed Gamble: Er, yeah, true, but if the food's not arrived, I'm practising my chewing before lunch gets in
Todd Barry: Oh okay
James Acaster: Oh right, it's practise
Todd Barry: Alright, I'm good, I feel like you're, I'm going to lose this battle so
Ed Gamble: I've got a very strong jaw because of it
James Acaster: You having a look at his jaw?
Ed Gamble: That's all ice chewing Todd
Todd Barry: That's good, you do have a great jaw
Ed Gamble: Thank you
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread, Todd? Popadoms or bread?!
Todd Barry: What are popadoms? What are what
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread?!
Todd Barry: Is that like biscuits or bread, or rolls or bread?
Ed Gamble: Popadoms
Todd Barry: Why do I not? Pop overs?
Ed Gamble: No, in an Indian restaurant
Todd Barry: Oh the, the naan bread?
Ed Gamble: No, the big crispy things they bring at the beginning. So they're like big huge crisps
Todd Barry: Oh yeah
James Acaster: Basically this question is, you know when they bring the bread before a meal, you know there's loads of other things that you could get brought before the meal at that point, popadoms for example. What do you want at this stage?
Todd Barry: But you you, I mean, it's a weird, cos now you're putting us in an Indian restaurant. You're making it sound like every restaurant you go to has popadoms.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah
Todd Barry: It's really only one type of restaurant that does that as far as I know.
Ed Gamble: It's a very confusing format point that we've had to just forgive.
Todd Barry: Popadom or what now?
James Acaster: Or bread.
Todd Barry: Well let's go popadom.
James Acaster: Ah yeah?
Todd Barry: Yeah, crunchy.
Ed Gamble: Not a bread guy?
Todd Barry: No I like bread, you just, I chose, I didn't say no bread, yes popadoms. But bread is wonderful also. Nice warm bread
Ed Gamble: You're convincing yourself round
Todd Barry: Tip a little bit with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Fuck. Am I allowed to curse?
Ed Gamble: Yeah! Especially in about the bread, that's what we want.
James Acaster: Curse it up. Especially bread cursing.
Todd Barry: Yeah, so I'd go popadom, thank you.
James Acaster: You ever baked your own bread?
Todd Barry: I feel like when I was a kid I, I made my own pretzels once.
James Acaster: Oh yeah?
Todd Barry: Yeah
James Acaster: You feel like you did? That sounds like something you would remember.
Todd Barry: Oh it's, I'm an old man.
James Acaster: Yeah
Todd Barry: I know I did
James Acaster: You made your own pretzels?
Ed Gamble: Just off your own back?
Todd Barry: I remember there was, I'm just trying to think if I, there was this show called Zoom, I don't know if you had that but you could send away for a zoom card and they were like, here's how to make your own pretzels right away for a zoom card. You probably sent them a self addressed envelope with a stamp on. And I remember it took three months to get that thing sent to me. And I imagine I made them, I can't remember specifically.
Ed Gamble: So you remember sending off for the thing
Todd Barry: I remember getting it and it's like, wow, I can't believe they remembered at this point to send this it was a new request at the beginning but
James Acaster: What is Zoom?
Todd Barry: Zoom was like a kids show, it was just like, 'we're gonna zooma zooma zooma zoom'. That's all I remember about it. And then it was the zip code that they said, on Boston maps, like if you're on O 21 34.
Ed Gamble: It's amazing that you remember the zip code of a kid's show and you don't remember whether you made pretzels or not.
Todd Barry: That's just, I think, that's actually not as odd as you think it is. I think that's pretty, some people remember numbers better than they remember
Ed Gamble: Yeah that's fair. Especially if it's in a song.
Todd Barry: Yeah, exactly. If I wrote a song about the time I made pretzels. That question would have been answered by now.
James Acaster: It'd be quite difficult, I mean you know the pattern, the shape of the pretzel is quite hard to nail.
Todd Barry: Yeah but I think I may have made bread though at one point in my life, maybe with my mum or something. Basically I'm not a bread maker, I'm not a baker.
James Acaster: No you're not a baker
Ed Gamble: Not a baker yeah yeah
Todd Barry: Yeah I don't cook almost ever.
James Acaster: Big pretzels or small pretzels?
Todd Barry: Oh man.
James Acaster: What would you like? I think
Todd Barry: It's the devil's in the details.
Ed Gamble: Or crushed pretzels?
James Acaster: I like a bag of like small pretzels, knocking those back, but every now and again it's nice to get
Ed Gamble: The crunchy ones?
James Acaster: The crunchy ones. And then there's like the big soft ones with the big chunks of
Todd Barry: I think a big soft one with mustard is the ultimate pretzel.
James Acaster: Ah lovely.
Todd Barry: You've never done the mustard?
James Acaster: I've never done that.
Todd Barry: Oh my god that's a
Ed Gamble: I don't think I have
Todd Barry: Oh you gotta do that
Ed Gamble: Have they got salt on them right? I like that
Todd Barry: Pretzels? Yeah yeah they have salt.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah. I like salt.
Todd Barry: You do a food podcast and you're not sure whether pretzels have salt on them?
Ed Gamble: Hey look, we've come from another country Todd.
Todd Barry: We come from this land where they don't put salt on the pretzels.
Ed Gamble: We had to explain popadoms.
Todd Barry: Yeah you did. Alright, we're even.
Ed Gamble: You can have pretzels at this stage instead of popadoms or bread if you'd like? You can hack it.
Todd Barry: I mean this is a, this is already a pretty heavy meal and I haven't ordered anything yet but
Ed Gamble: Ah okay, sure. So popadoms are to keep it light.
Todd Barry: Yeah let's go popadoms because pretzels, I fly a lot so I eat plenty of pretzels.
James Acaster: You'll always say yes to the pretzels on the flight?
Todd Barry: Yeah, I mean I try to. I mean I try not, I guess I do, yeah. But I mean like, the other day I flew in and they gave me like a brownie and a piece of, and a cookie, and like, come on man. I would never say just give me a brownie and a cookie right now, but if you're gonna put it in my face and I'm like tryna do all the like don't, don't have it don't have it don't have it. Ah willpower.
Ed Gamble: It's like all the, I don't know what chain it is but the chain of hotels who give you a warm cookie when you check in.
Todd Barry: Ah that's Double Tree yeah. Yeah and it's a highly calorific cookie.
Ed Gamble: Yeah and I've eaten that before I get to the room. It's so depressing eating a cookie in the elevator like an animal.
James Acaster: Do you ever ask for a second one at the Double Tree?
Todd Barry: I'm trying to think if I have. I hope not.
James Acaster: I have!
Todd Barry: You have?
James Acaster: Yep!
Todd Barry: You guys stay at a lot of Double Trees huh?
James Acaster: Oh yeah yeah. I stayed at a Double Tree once, they gave me a cookie on the way in and then at night I'd gone to my room, I'd got room service, I'd had a savoury meal whatever it was and then really wanted another cookie and just did it. I just went all the way down to reception, it was like one in the morning
Ed Gamble: Did you check out and then rebook in?
James Acaster: I should have done.
Todd Barry: Have you ever checked in and they forget to give you the cookie. I've had that happen
Ed Gamble: ah yeah.
Todd Barry: You're like, 'isn't this the cookie hotel?'.
Ed Gamble: There's a reason we booked here.
Todd Barry: This is the one, there's one thing people talk about when this hotel chain came in. Not how amazing it is, which it's fine but it's a, it's that cookie.
James Acaster: That cookie is, and it's so warm
Todd Barry: It's like three hundred calories I think at least. Like I looked it actually up the calorie count on it. I also wonder if the employees get annoyed with just, 'blah blah cookies blah', of just like eight hours a day of people gushing over stupid cookies.
Ed Gamble: Where do they keep it in reception? Do they have like a warm
Todd Barry: There's a warmer yeah.
James Acaster: There's a warm drawer that they keep. Do you reckon they ever keep other stuff in there?
Todd Barry: A guy like reheats a slice of pizza or something.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah
James Acaster: He's got like his socks in there so it feels nice for the final hour of his shift, he can put his warm socks on.
Todd Barry: I think that that could happen, yeah.
James Acaster: Maybe as a guest you could say like, you know, could you put this in the warm
Todd Barry: That would be a good prank wouldn't it? I mean if you were into pranks, I'm not really into pranks but that would be a funny one. Just be like, 'hey I just, I got this croissant or, I only ate half of it but I don't, you know, if it was still warm I would have the whole thing. If you could just slam it in there, I'll come back in half an hour'. That's a good idea. I just stole your joke and did it right back at you.
James Acaster: So we come to your starter now?
Todd Barry: Oh god so this is, alright, this was really hard, this whole thing, this homework you gave me was really hard. Cos I fancy myself a picky eater but then when it comes down to narrowing it down you're like, oh, there's tonnes of shit I like.
James Acaster: Yes. But you fancy yourself as a picky eater? Do you pride yourself on it?
Todd Barry: Nah nah I'm not like you with the ice chewing thing but I feel like I am picky. But I'm definitely way less picky than other people are, for whatever that means.
James Acaster: Whose the pickiest person that you know?
Todd Barry: I'm not gonna name names but I know some people who are like
James Acaster: You can name names
Ed Gamble: Go on, give us some clues
James Acaster: You can name a name.
Todd Barry: Oh no no, I don't drop, I don't name. Oh let's give you clues, he played bass for The Beatles. I'm good friends with Paul McCartney.
Ed Gamble: You've always eaten with him
Todd Barry: I don't know if this is a cheat because I honestly would never order this as a starter but like Italian restaurants here and maybe all over, they offer this pasta that's like, it's not even the main course, it's sort of a starter. And it always seems crazy to have a big bowl of that and then
Ed Gamble: To have that and then
Todd Barry: And then like, now let's eat. It's dinner time. I know that I've just had that little bowl of pasta. But I chose a pasta for my starter: a cacio y pepe. Are you familiar with that?
Ed Gamble: Oh yes!
Todd Barry: Oh my god.
Ed Gamble: I can't, oh, you've hit gold straight away Todd.
Todd Barry: Oh good good.
James Acaster: I'm not familiar with this but the way that both of you just reacted
Ed Gamble: That is the best pasta.
Todd Barry: It's a pasta with basically just cheese and black pepper.
James Acaster: Right, okay.
Todd Barry: Oh god.
Ed Gamble: It's phenomenal.
Todd Barry: I like simple foods and that's just
Ed Gamble: It's all you need.
Todd Barry: Oh my god.
James Acaster: What kind of pasta is it?
Todd Barry: It's sort of a spaghetti I think but you know I think that they can make it
Ed Gamble: Or a bucatini.
Todd Barry: Maybe, I mean I imagine that they could do it with any pasta. It would hold up to any pasta.
Ed Gamble: Oh it will. You could put that on anything.
Todd Barry: And then I might ask for a side of chilli flakes which I don't know if that's fine
James Acaster: That, that's fair
Todd Barry: Is that fair?
Ed Gamble: I think that you're allowed to do that, yeah, for sure. I think it's a very bold starter, like you say, I wouldn't start with a pasta
Todd Barry: I wouldn't either but I mean, for the sake of this show I didn't want to be like, too boring.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. The, a bowl of pasta for me is the end of the evening either way
Todd Barry: Yeah yeah it's the end, even if it's the end you feel like, oh what did I just fucking do? There are some places that give you like what seems like a small amount of pasta like they'll put a big bowl and then this like little dump of pasta and you're like, fuck it this bullshit portion and then like twenty minutes after you're like, oh my god, I, that's way more than I even needed.
Ed Gamble: Cacio y pepe there's, so it's normally like black pepper and then I think there's like pecorino or something
Todd Barry: Yeah I think so, yeah
Ed Gamble: I've made it, I've made it before. It's actually quite easy to make I think.
Todd Barry: The two ingredient dish.
Ed Gamble: The two ingredient dish. Don't forget, no, see you've forgotten the spaghetti
Todd Barry: Oh the spaghetti, I am, al dente
Ed Gamble: So you would have screwed that up massively if you had just put black pepper and cheese. You'd be like, oh there's something missing from this, it wasn't like this in the restaurant.
Todd Barry: It'd just be the sauce, I'd be like, oh I forgot, I forgot a crucial element to this.
Ed Gamble: But you use some of the pasta water.
Todd Barry: Yeah, is that what, that's, cos I wondered if there was like an oil or it's just
Ed Gamble: I think you use a bit of oil maybe sometimes but then it seems to be just the water that you cook the pasta in to melt the cheese
Todd Barry: Have you heard of pasta al limone, am I allowed to bring up other pastas?
James Acaster: Ah yeah, while we're in that area.
Todd Barry: Have you ever had a pasta al limone.
Ed Gamble: I have not.
James Acaster: No.
Todd Barry: It's kind of, exactly what it sounds like. Pasta with lemon.
Todd Barry: Another great pasta I had was at a restaurant a few blocks away from here, it was their special and it was a pasta with butter, sea salt and mint.
James Acaster: Oh!
Todd Barry: That's it, I was fucked. Cos normally I don't, when they read the specials I'm like, I don't want specials, but they read this one and I was like, oh my god.
James Acaster: Yeah
Todd Barry: Let's close this menu up. We're done. But that was phenomenal. Bur pasta's so bad for you right?
Ed Gamble: Yeah. I mean you can feel it, while you're eating it you can feel how bad it is for you. But it's so delicious.
Todd Barry: It's so good
James Acaster: It is good.
Todd Barry: Pasta with garlic and oil, oh my god.
James Acaster: Yep, yeah those simple ones where it's just like, yep, the garlic and oil one.
Todd Barry: Oh my god.
James Acaster: I had a really hot one where it was just like just like oil and chilli
Todd Barry: Oh that's good, I've had that too.
James Acaster: That was very nice.
Todd Barry: Where did you have that?
James Acaster: Oh somewhere back home. Back back in the
Todd Barry: Have you eaten here anywhere that's good?
James Acaster: Yeah we've had some good meals so far but we haven't had good pasta yet. So any recommendations
Todd Barry: Ah! Well there's actually a place just a block away that's really good
James Acaster: What's it called?
Todd Barry: It's called Lavagna, L-A-V-A-G-N-A on, am I allowed to reveal what neighbourhood we're in?
Ed Gamble: Yeah course, yeah yeah yeah
Todd Barry: I guess it doesn't matter, it's not going to be, it's not live
Ed Gamble: If anyone comes down here
Todd Barry: Some comedy lunatic's gonna come down here. It's on 15B. And they have a rigatoni with like turkey sausage in it that's, oh it's good. But there's a bunch of good pasta places.
James Acaster: Oh yeah? I like when you're remembering foods that you really like you really get the hushed tone to your voice. It's very good.
Todd Barry: I do. Yeah, that's the DJ in me. No
James Acaster: Um, is there a particular place you'd like this starter from? Is there a place you've had the best one you've ever had?
Todd Barry: Oh god, wow this is. Um I'm trying to think of where I've had. Oh there is a good restaurant. There's a place called Via Carota in the West Village that has a really good caci y pepe.
James Acaster: Lovely.
Todd Barry: Just get it from there. I didn't know, I didn't know we could order. I thought I was at a restaurant, I didn't know
James Acaster: Oh no no no. This is like
Todd Barry: This is me at home.
James Acaster: I'm a genie
Todd Barry: Yeah yeah yeah. It's a fantasy yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah and I can get stuff from any place, any time in your life, places that have been shut down.
Todd Barry: It's basically an uber eats. I don't, I've only used uber eats once, are you supposed to like have them come up to your door or, I have a door man but
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I think I think they do. Don't they? Deliveroo we've got in England as well.
James Acaster: Yeah they're supposed to deliver it to your door.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: Or to your door man if that's your first line of defence.
Todd Barry: Yeah it's my protector.
Ed Gamble: Uber eats is weird because you feel like it should be like an uber so it's almost like you should get in the car and go with them to the restaurant and pick it up.
Todd Barry: Yeah I'm still tryna figure out how it works. Is it just a regular uber driver who stops?
Ed Gamble: I think I think it is, or they have some people on bikes as well doing it
Todd Barry: Well I usually use Seamless which I don't know if you have but that's like Grub Hub and there's one called Caviar, why am I plugging these delivery sites?
Ed Gamble: Free stuff?
Todd Barry: Unless they want to give me a code
Ed Gamble: Free stuff for Todd.
Todd Barry: So yeah that would, let's make that my starter.
James Acaster: Lovely.
Ed Gamble: Lovely, great choice.
James Acaster: So I mean, you're pretty full already?
Todd Barry: I'm very full. Yeah I mean. But this is, you know
James Acaster: It's a Dream Restaurant
Todd Barry: It's the Dream Restaurant so let's say that I have a dream appetite.
James Acaster: Your main.
Todd Barry: Yeah, oh my main. This one might blow your mind a little bit but but at the same time it might not. There was a lot of choice, you don't want to hear the ones I've rejected.
James Acaster: Oh yeah
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah!
James Acaster: Honourable muncheon.
Todd Barry: I would say they're, I just had to pick one so I picked one. So I'm gonna say that I don't even think, you know
Ed Gamble: These are all on a par with each other.
Todd Barry: Yeah exactly
Ed Gamble: Okay, let's have the, shall we have the rejection
Todd Barry: I thought of a, I thought of kung pow chicken. I thought of a, like a, what else did I think? Well I guess a pizza.
Ed Gamble: Just a general pizza.
Todd Barry: A pizza with jalapeños and pepperoni.
Ed Gamble: Yeah nice.
Todd Barry: Although I'm trying to lay back on the meat so let's just say jalapeños.
Ed Gamble: Okay
Todd Barry: And let's add some pepperoni. Let's put the pepperoni back on that I've just made you take off. Yeah but then, you know, there's burgers, they're good. I don't know if you've ever had a burger before.
James Acaster: yeah sure.
Ed Gamble: Remind me what
James Acaster: Describe one for the listeners who haven't, who don't know
Todd Barry: There's like, there's fried chicken. Oh god, there's chicken fingers.
Ed Gamble: All American sort of classic stuff.
Todd Barry: But also, well I mean I would use my Italian, I played the Italian card with my starter, very smart of me. Do you want to know what I have picked for my main course? This will be good.
Ed Gamble: Yes please.
Todd Barry: Japanese curry.
Ed Gamble: Oh yes.
Todd Barry: Have you had that?
Ed Gamble: Yeah!
James Acaster: I don't think I have.
Ed Gamble: You must have had like a katsu curry or something?
James Acaster: Oh yes I have, yes. Yes I've had it loads. Delicious.
Todd Barry: Yeah. So I've been eating a lot of that lately and it it's, some people don't even know about it. I've talked to people that know about food and I go, 'yeah have you had Japanese curry?' and they go, 'I don't even know what you're talking about'. Like how do I know this?
Ed Gamble: It's quite like a fruity sauce right? Like a thick fruity sauce.
Todd Barry: I wouldn't say it's fruity. Nah it's not fruity. Not at, not at any place I would go to.
Ed Gamble: Is it not? Okay.
Todd Barry: Well I mean, there's some where you, I like it when you can go to a place and there's a spice level, you know like how, there's one place I go to on the Lower East Side where there's spice level one to ten.
Ed Gamble: And what do you go for?
Todd Barry: I, I go for four.
Ed Gamble: Okay.
Todd Barry: But it's funny, I went to a place that I'd never been to a few months ago where I ordered it three and the guy basically said, 'no'. He goes, 'no'. I was like, 'alright I guess we'll go two' and oh, when you're right you're right, he was right. Cos I was with two I was like, oh my god, I can't imagine what
Ed Gamble: So the two was too much?
Todd Barry: Two was plenty of heat.
Ed Gamble: And it went up to ten?
Todd Barry: That one I don't, that may have gone up to five but the one I go to sometimes is yeah, goes up to ten, but I go to like four or five cos
Ed Gamble: You don't want to ruin the meal for yourself
Todd Barry: I mean I like to fancy myself, sorry to use that again, as someone who likes spicy food but there's such a range of spiciness, it's not just
Ed Gamble: I made a mistake last night by eating a raw chilli that I think was just decoration on the plate.
Todd Barry: Where did you eat?
Ed Gamble: We were at a Thai restaurant called Wailer
James Acaster: It was, well it's near where we're staying so it
Ed Gamble: It was like twenty minutes walk from where we're staying yeah
Todd Barry: Where are you staying, am I allowed to ask?
Ed Gamble: East village, we're in
James Acaster: East Village
Todd Barry: Ah okay. Yeah yeah that's a nice place. There's a good restaurant called Vicks there that has a Caci y Pepe
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: Ah yeah?
Todd Barry: Yeah! That's on Great Jones Street. That's one of my
Ed Gamble: I think we should just eat caci y pepe for the rest of the trip.
Todd Barry: But they have other great, they have other greats. They also have this thing, I almost thought about this as my starter. Am I allowed to back track?
James Acaster: Of course!
Ed Gamble: Absolutely.
Todd Barry: Yeah I'm acting like there's some rigid rules to this fucking food podcast. But they had like these, I've forgot what it's called, like crispy onions. They're almost like an onion ring but they're not the ring. They're just like the, I don't know what you call it, the piece of onion. But they're fried in this sauce, oh my god.
Ed Gamble: Is it like a blooming onion?
Todd Barry: I guess it is but I would say it's probably an elevated blooming onion. But it probably, I've never had a blooming onion but now that you
Ed Gamble: That, I mean that is not something that's come over to the UK.
Todd Barry: Really?
Ed Gamble: I've only ever had it in America and it blew my mind and as I was eating it I thought this is the thing that's gonna kill me one day.
Todd Barry: Do you guys have burritos over there yet?
Ed Gamble: Yeah we have, we've got burritos.
Todd Barry: Cos the last time I was in the UK I was like you need like a Chipotle, if they open here that place would be a gold mine.
Ed Gamble: They have now opened here.
James Acaster: We've got, we've got Chipotle now, but here's the thing that's funny about that is that I only knew about Chipotle from your stand up.
Todd Barry: Really? That's a coincidence.
James Acaster: So when we got Chipotle all I could do when I saw the Chipotles was hear it in your voice in my head cos you're the only person I'd ever heard say it in my life was you in a stand-up special.
Todd Barry: Oh okay. That's my, I mean my stand-up skews a little American, sorry.
James Acaster: Oh yeah, there's so many of your routines I didn't understand: the container store.
Todd Barry: Oh yeah, I mean that one you could figure out though.
James Acaster: Yeah actually, I followed that one
Ed Gamble: I mean it's pretty simple
Todd Barry: Wow you're, you know, you're, I didn't realise what a rabid fan you were.
James Acaster: I've got one special.
Todd Barry: One? Okay that's, one down, four to go.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: That's good that you heard Todd say Chipotle because you definitely would have called it Chipottle wouldn't you?
James Acaster: I would have called it Chipottle, I would have got the name wrong and everyone else I knew was saying Chipottle and I was like, it's actually Chipotle.
Todd Barry: So did they open up in the UK?
James Acaster: Yeah there's a few around London now. So the next time you're there you can get a
Todd Barry: Really? When do they close, it's like seven o'clock or something?
James Acaster: Is that a complaint you've got about London, that places close too early?
Todd Barry: Yeah is that a hat complaint?
Ed Gamble: No, not at all.
James Acaster: You can make, I think it's
Todd Barry: It's just a little weird over there that that like
Ed Gamble: Everything shuts early
Todd Barry: yeah it's just, for a hard drinking town like that you'd think
Ed Gamble: Yeah, well it's cos everyone drinks so hard that they're all done by eleven.
Todd Barry: But then you have that weird rule of, if you're staying at a hotel you can basically drink all night but the person who has the room is the one who has to pay?
Ed Gamble: Yeah
Todd Barry: So that person, I think I've been fucked on that one. People just start handing you money like yeah okay.
Ed Gamble: You feel really bad because the person's working at the bar but also working at reception so they just have to come round from reception each time to get you more drinks.
Todd Barry: Right, but having said that, you know I do like London a lot. In case you were worried. Oh. So the Japanese curry and I don't know which kind of that I would like for my dream meal because there's a place a few blocks away from here that does a beef curry that's really good. And I get five out of five on that one and it's just
James Acaster: Oh do you?
Ed Gamble: Whoa!
Todd Barry: It's also a very small place where there's not even a bathroom so you sort of have to
Ed Gamble: So that's a real risk
Todd Barry: Well that's the thing where like you have to go, alright so I'm at this comedy club on Fourth Street, I'm gonna pee and then I'm gonna go to this place on Seventh Street
James Acaster: And then you get the five out of five curry
Todd Barry: Yeah
James Acaster: And then, what are you going home or back to the comedy club?
Todd Barry: Well it depends, I mean, I'm gonna say I probably went home. Unless I have, unless it's between shows.
James Acaster: Sure.
Ed Gamble: So would you eat a big meal before a show?
Todd Barry: It depends what you mean by a how but
Ed Gamble: From before a set say
Todd Barry: A set I can probably pretty much do that but if I'm like headlining and people paid a thousand dollars to see me I would, I'd try, I mean sometimes that always is a precarious thing cos they're like, 'oh, you guys want dinner?' and you're like, 'yeah', 'there's this Thai restaurant here', 'yeah alright'. And
then you're like, I'll just get pad Thai and I'll eat half of it. And then you're just like, I'm not fucking eating half of it. But I often forget how my hunger you know, I've never been on stage going, 'oh I ate too much that I can't do a show' but psychologically I think it's good to be slightly just full.
Ed Gamble: I think that would be a good angle for you if you want to try that at any point, being like the full comedian.
James Acaster: Yeah I think you would be. You'd probably be funnier if you were full on stage.
Ed Gamble: Yeah people would just be like, 'have you seen Todd Barry? He's full a lot'.
Todd Barry: That would be funny, I could do like a CAT scan or something right before I go onstage like, as you see, my stomach is full. Alright let's do this now. I like it. I'm always looking for a gimmick.
James Acaster: Yeah you can talk about being full on stage. Ask the audience members how full they are individually.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. You have to be the fullest one in the room though.
James Acaster: Yeah
Todd Barry: Do they sell food at a lot of comedy venues in London?
James Acaster: Not as much, I mean here it's a thing where like during the show people are getting food delivered. Not as much back home. But some places
Ed Gamble: Yeah, like the big weekend clubs they'll serve they'll serve food.
Todd Barry: Like a Comedy Store or a Jongleurs or something
Ed Gamble: Yeah exactly. All the Glee Clubs they're the big sort of foodie ones. But it's, this is a bit of a hat comparison, a lot of people make this point but the drink minimum is not a thing in the UK. That's not a thing they would ever because everyone's always
Todd Barry: Right yeah yeah, that's kind of unnecessary.
Ed Gamble: Yeah exactly, yeah yeah. The food is a good idea because it's soaking up all the drink
Todd Barry: Do you guys do a maximum there?
James Acaster: We should do.
Todd Barry: There are clubs that do a maximum here.
James Acaster: Right. Do they also do a minimum so you got to get
Todd Barry: It's like, yeah, two to three basically, I think. But I don't know if it's two items, so food probably counts. I dunno. You know, I don't go there as a consumer, I just go there as as an artist.
James Acaster: So you think you'll maybe have this beef curry? This Japanese beef curry?
Todd Barry: But I, it's weird because I I watched this documentary forks over knives, did you see that?
James Acaster: No.
Todd Barry: It's on Netflix. It's about the sort of advantages of a plant-based diet. So yesterday I had curry and I had vegetable curry. And the vegetables I had, I always ask because there's a lot of vegetables I don't like. And it was mushrooms, potatoes, pumpkin, I think that was it. I said, alright I'll do that, no mushrooms. Extra hot.
Ed Gamble: You're not a mushroom guy?
Todd Barry: I could eat mushrooms if they're sort of hidden in like a spring roll or something. But I once ordered a veggie burger in Chicago and they showed up it was just a whole portobello mushroom like on a bun like that's not a fucking veggie burger that's a portobello mushroom on a bun.
Ed Gamble: What's your bottom three vegetables?
Todd Barry: Tomatoes, are tomatoes a vegetable or a fruit? I still don't know.
James Acaster: A fruit.
Todd Barry: Are they?
Ed Gamble: Technically a fruit
Todd Barry: I thought they were officially declared a vegetable even though they seem like a fruit.
Ed Gamble: Oh really? I've not been keeping up with the news.
Todd Barry: I could have just been making that up. But they disgust me. I'm just choking.
Ed Gamble: Yeah? I really thought you were about to be sick there Todd.
James Acaster: Yeah, that would be great. If you said they disgust me and then just puked.
Todd Barry: You know like raw tomatoes?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, not a fan?
Todd Barry: Oh god. I can't even. Like, I have an anxiety attack when I order like a salad, I go please no tomatoes. Cos you know eighty percent of the time they didn't hear you or they are just on autopilot and you just see that salad approach and you just see all that red on top. Fucking disgusting.
James Acaster: What don't you like about them?
Todd Barry: They're just, they're, it's just it's a texture thing, it's a smell thing. But at the same time you know tomato sauce, if it's smooth and pulverised and ketchup you know?
Ed Gamble: Yep. Is it seeds in the middle maybe?
Todd Barry: It's the seeds, it's the smell and just ew. I don't like eggplant really. Although if it's fried into super thin crisps, probably. Cucumber I don't love, except if it's pickled.
Ed Gamble: So a lot of these you do like if they've been transformed in some way.
Todd Barry: Yeah yeah. If they're transformed to where they don't taste the way they're supposed to taste.
James Acaster: Sure, yeah. When they're unrecognisable.
Todd Barry: When they put ice cream on top of all of these things. Did I give you the three? I think I did.
Ed Gamble: Yeah that was the three. That's a solid three.
Todd Barry: Ah okay, I just want to play by the book. By the rules.
James Acaster: I feel like more so than ever that this episode feels like you're, like you're trying to get into a country and we're questioning you. Yeah, `what's your top three least favourite vegetables?!'.
Todd Barry: Yeah. You guys are like the weird, the weirdest immigration guys ever.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah food based immigration. Although this room, it's the first time we've been in this studio, it does have the sort of vibe of a side room of an airport.
James Acaster: Yeah there's like a big interrogation window there
Todd Barry: Yeah this is a very, I didn't know that you could have a back yard in this neighbourhood with like a secret recording studio.
James Acaster: So your side dish for your curry.
Todd Barry: Yeah this was, I really struggled with this one. Cos I I didn't necessarily try to make everything cohesive so I don't know that I would order this dream dish the way, should I make it cohesive?
Ed Gamble: No you don't have to
James Acaster: Not at all
Todd Barry: Cos otherwise everything's gonna be from one restaurant.
Ed Gamble: When you, I've just got a quick question with the main, when you order that does that come with rice?
Todd Barry: Yes.
Ed Gamble: So that comes with rice. Are you, is that gonna be part of the main dish order?
James Acaster: That's part of the main course, that's part of the main course, that's fine.
Ed Gamble: You don't need to consider rice as a side.
Todd Barry: Okay, well I wasn't going to.
Ed Gamble: Well I just want to let you know. You're keen to stick to the rules, it would be awful if you made a transgression at this point.
Todd Barry: I, I mean, do you want me to tell you the rejected ones?
James Acaster: ah yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yes please.
Todd Barry: Up til maybe two hours ago I had baked sweet potato as my side.
James Acaster: Up til two hours ago?
Todd Barry: Maybe a few hours ago, maybe it was last night. I definitely changed it in my little document here. But I also had green salad but then I was like, am I going for like last meal, like before I'm executed or sensible.
James Acaster: Yeah
Todd Barry: I don't know.
Ed Gamble: it's a dream, you know, it's the dream meal.
Todd Barry: Yeah, well then I'm just gonna go with fries man.
Ed Gamble: Yep.
Todd Barry: Is that the most popular one?
James Acaster: I think it has been the most popular one and
Ed Gamble: Yeah, for a reason I think.
James Acaster: I think people always feel. Also, that look that you had in your eye when you said it, everyone always has that look in their eye. Very confident that I've made the right decision.
Todd Barry: Yeah, I guess I could have split the difference and done sweet potato fries.
James Acaster: You could have
Todd Barry: Have you ever had those?
James Acaster: Yes I have. I don't like them as much as fries but I tell you what, here in New York at Extra Fancy, have you been to Extra Fancy?
Todd Barry: Extra Fancy?
James Acaster: The restaurant in Williamsburg
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah it's in Brooklyn yeah.
James Acaster: And they've got these sweet potato fries that you just dump seafood chowder on top of and that's great.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. No?
James Acaster: Uh oh. Todd doesn't like it.
Todd Barry: Ooh no no. I mean I'm sure it's a good thing but it might not be for me, let's put it that way.
Ed Gamble: Yeah it's not the, you seem to be into the very clear flavours, good ingredients. Dumping a load of chowder on some sweet potato fries.
Todd Barry: So if it was fries, I guess, you know, yeah.
James Acaster: We could mix them up together.
Todd Barry: Oh you want? That's cheating though.
James Acaster: If you want we could do it.
Ed Gamble: If you want yeah a half and half, a half and half sweet potato and normal potato portion of fries to go with your half and half water?
Todd Barry: No let's just go fries. So right now I have pasta, curry with rice and fries. So
Ed Gamble: This is definitely your last meal.
Todd Barry: This is not this is not, this is a `fuck it' meal.
James Acaster: And do you like them like very thin and crispy?
Todd Barry: I like, I like very crunchy, I don't necessarily love what they call steak fries here, which are big fat fries, which I certainly can eat a pound of those without thinking twice but there not, I'd like them, I like almost all foods well done. Like a pizza well done, if I eat rare meat I like it well done.
James Acaster: Right.
Ed Gamble: Can you get a rare pizza?
Todd Barry: No but sometimes, that's funny, yeah medium rare, I like pizza medium rare, that's funny. But you know, I like food that's slightly, almost burnt.
Ed Gamble: Yeah okay. I guess it adds flavour with some things
James Acaster: Yeah vegetables
Ed Gamble: But I can't abide by a well done steak Todd, I'm sorry.
Todd Barry: Are you rare?
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Todd Barry: Do you eat a lot of steak?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, well you know, I eat, I've been known.
Todd Barry: Yeah?
Ed Gamble: I like a rare steak.
Todd Barry: Do you?
Ed Gamble: But I am also aware while I'm eating it that it's really impacting on the sort of
James Acaster: That's why he crunches all that ice, he's getting his teeth ready for a big old, big old blue steak
Todd Barry: For an excessive amount of steak.
Ed Gamble: Absolutely, but I know what you mean about burnt stuff. Some stuff tastes way better if it's got a little bit of char on it.
James Acaster: Absolutely. Absolutely, I like, I like a burnt quality to, also desserts and stuff. I like burnt caramel flavours.
Todd Barry: Yeah? Burnt caramel's good. Sea salt caramel, that's become a new, that's the latest thing. Maybe as of eight years ago.
James Acaster: Yeah. Do you remember when that came in? How did you feel?
Todd Barry: Oh man, it's weird that the way these foods sometimes you're like, like caci y pepe to go back, I don't think I knew about that twelve years ago, but it must have been around for five hundred years. How is it like, oh they just invented caci y pepe? Kale. That's like that was just invented like four eight years ago.
Ed Gamble: Like nice brussel sprouts as well.
Todd Barry: Right. The brussel sprouts that, I remember the first time I had brussel sprouts where I was like oh, okay. Cos I just always heard, they are always like the sort of touchstone of the worst vegetable ever. And then I was at a thanksgiving dinner and there was a friend of a friend who was a chef and he actually made them and I remember he came around a poured a little vinegar on them. And I was like oh my god brussel sprouts!
Ed Gamble: Hello!
Todd Barry: But now I'm sick of them.
James Acaster: Yeah?
Ed Gamble: Yeah too much
Todd Barry: Cos now every place has them and they're like the flash fried ones, those are good. But also cauliflower is good but it's also that, like a little goes a long way.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, sure sure.
Todd Barry: I know you didn't bring up cauliflower but if you want to edit that out
James Acaster: But no cauliflower is the one that I, the crisper the better with cauliflower.
Ed Gamble: That's having a moment as well.
Todd Barry: I like, I prefer most vegetables raw.
James Acaster: Really?
Todd Barry: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Which goes against your normal ethos of well done.
Todd Barry: Wow you're right.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I am. You're a complicated guy Todd
Todd Barry: I am, I really am
James Acaster: Yeah, we've got Jekyll and Hyde over here.
Todd Barry: I'm just a fascinating dude like. Well I mean, well I guess you don't, yeah you're right. But I don't like boiled, like steamed broccoli I guess is alright but I prefer raw.
James Acaster: Yeah I don't boil them.
Ed Gamble: It feels like all the nutrients have gone.
Todd Barry: Yeah
Ed Gamble: And would you like some of your fries burnt to a crisp
Todd Barry: Oh yeah I'd like them all well done.
Ed Gamble: Yeah but like burnt, like black fries?
Todd Barry: Not necessarily black but like teetering on the edge of, just really dancing on that line.
Ed Gamble: So touch and go, so when they come out the kitchen the chef will be looking at them going, 'I don't know if we should send these out'.
Todd Barry: 'This is what he asked for but fucking, I don't feel good about this'.
James Acaster: So we're a couple of Brits gallivanting around New York, what fast food chain does the best fries?
Todd Barry: Oh, best fries? Oh man. That's a good, there's a fast food chain, but they're not in New York, never mind then.
James Acaster: Oh it could be somewhere that's not in New York.
Todd Barry: There's one called steak and shake, that's one of my favourite fast food. If you drove through the heart land, if you drove through the heart land, it's sort of like a sit down fast food place but you eat, and it's open all night and I just always tip like eighty percent there because it's like two people eat for six dollars, so I tip a thousand percent, but I. There's not a lot of bad fries out there?
Ed Gamble: Yeah?
Todd Barry: I'm tryna think, but I mean I think more of a restaurant type, I mean there's a French fry restaurant here.
James Acaster: Is there?
Todd Barry: Yeah it's called Pommes Frites.
James Acaster: Right?
Todd Barry: It's sort of in the West Village. There might be other locations, so it's all fries.
James Acaster: And they just do, just fries?
Todd Barry: Just fries. Belgian, yeah, with many dipping sauces, as you would imagine.
James Acaster: Ah lovely.
Todd Barry: But they double fry them I think. So those are quite good.
Ed Gamble: It felt like a little while ago that there was a real arms race for how often you can fry a fry, how many times. Cos there was like the single normal fries and then double fried and then people are doing triple now.
Todd Barry: I just I just, what did I eat in San Francisco I think and these fries were so good and I was like, 'how do you make these fries?', cos they didn't look well done but they were super crunchy. And the guy explained and I forgot but it was basically a triple.
Ed Gamble: Triple fry.
James Acaster: They triple fried them, shook them around a bit.
Todd Barry: Yeah
James Acaster: You gotta shake em around a bit.
Todd Barry: You gotta shake and get that oil off them.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah.
Todd Barry: Little salt, maybe some ketchup, maybe some mustard. I like mustard on fries.
James Acaster: What's your opinion of people who put mayonnaise on fries?
Todd Barry: See that's the thing in this Pommes Frites place I think that's sort of like their default.
Ed Gamble: It's a very Belgian thing.
Todd Barry: Yeah yeah. I mean I could do it but I don't get anything out of that. So I'm not like gagging but I'm also like not gonna ask for mayonnaise.
James Acaster: So if you were you know the scene at the start of Pulp Fiction where they're chatting about Burger King and fries, if you were in the back of that car with them for some reason, you're like the third person who's been sent on this job and they're talking and they were saying, ah you know what they do in Amsterdam, they drench fries in mayonnaise and then Samuel L Jackson always goes, 'ah
gross, are you kidding me?' and then like John Travolta's like, 'yeah I've seen them do it, they drown it in that shit'. What's your reaction in the back?
Todd Barry: I'd probably just say something like, 'yeah no, that doesn't sound good. I wonder if you could order them without the mayonnaise?'. That would be my fix, I'm a fixer, I try to fix things.
Ed Gamble: That's a better scene as well. And then you'd say thank you so much for the opportunity for being in this film.
Todd Barry: Yeah, or I would say can you put the mayonnaise on the side just as a little, pretending I'm gonna dive into their culture but I'm throwing that shit out. 'Oops I didn't eat any of the mayonnaise you gave me, sorry'. I have more ketchup or vinegar on fries, oh my god.
Ed Gamble: Yeah! That feels quite British, the vinegar.
Todd Barry: Um yeah, I mean, you can have that.
James Acaster: Yeah? Thank you. Salt and vinegar.
Ed Gamble: Salt and vinegar on chips we're allowed to take that one?
Todd Barry: Yeah I like vinegar on them.
James Acaster: Very good. But on the crispy French fries, cos i don't think I've ever had them on the thin crispy French fries I probably haven't put vinegar on them. I put them on big fat chip shop chips.
Ed Gamble: Floppy chips.
James Acaster: And put it all on them. But maybe not on the crispy thin ones
Todd Barry: Why why wouldn't? That's an interesting, that you even thought of that is interesting.
James Acaster: Yeah, I guess I see it as the softer fries just soak up all the vinegar, like a big plump turkey
Ed Gamble: Now for the listeners, James is acting like one of the big chips and he's wriggling around like a big soft fry.
Todd Barry: Yeah, he's acting like a fly.
James Acaster: But the crispy ones I think the vinegar would just kind of sit on top of it
Ed Gamble: Or make it soggy
Todd Barry: No, you just sprinkle a little vinegar and I think
Ed Gamble: Or a mister, you could get a mister, like a spray
Todd Barry: I guess, I mean that would be
Ed Gamble: We can do that for you Todd, this is the Dream Restaurant, we could put some vinegar in a mister.
Todd Barry: No you know what, just give me the bottle and I'll shake a little on there.
Ed Gamble: Ah okay
Todd Barry: Like a whisper of
Ed Gamble: A whisper of vinegar
Todd Barry: Yeah so I mean I don't think, not enough to soggy them up or anything.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. The merest suggestion of vinegar.
Todd Barry: Yeah just a, just vinegar adjacent.
James Acaster: Yeah so you and John Travolta and Samuel L Jackson have got out the car and you've gone up to that guy's apartment and you're, all three of them, you're trying to intimidate those guys in the apartment remember and
Todd Barry: I don't remember the movie, I forget all movies
James Acaster: And Samuel L Jackson eats that guy's burger and he's like, 'that is a tasty burger', doesn't he? He says that. Would you be there going, 'could I have some fries?'.
Todd Barry: Oh
James Acaster: would you be there going, 'you guys got any fries as well?', to intimidate them, would you eat all their fries?
Todd Barry: Oh. Why am I doing this now?
Ed Gamble: Just to make your mark on the movie I think.
James Acaster: There's these guys, there's these guys who have a briefcase that they owe to Marsellus Wallace and they haven't given it to him yet and Samuel L Jackson and John Travolta turn up to make sure that they give him the briefcase, because they've been late doing it, Samuel L Jackson wants to really send a message that you don't mess with Marsellus Wallace and so he eats this guy's burger and drinks his Sprite and then he shoots his friend in the stomach and then shoots this guy.
Todd Barry: Yeah I probably wouldn't do that. I got gigs to do.
James Acaster: But the build up to it is he starts eating this guy's Big Kahuna burger so I'm wondering if you're on of the, if this is the version of the film where Todd Barry's cast in it as well and you're with those two and you've gone up there, you've gotta do something to intimidate them as well so while he's eating the burger, are you eating the fries going, these are nice fries?
Todd Barry: Yeah man, I mean I guess, if I'm gonna play along with this I would maybe grab like a larger, more fries than I'd normally like grab, just like seven put my fingers all over them as well.
Ed Gamble: I was once in Camden Market with some friends and we were at fourteen or fifteen and a proper punk, like an old school punk with a pink mohawk, my friend had some McDonald's fries and the punk just walked past and took all the fries out of my friend's fry packet with one hand and just walked off eating them. And just without even looking just flipped him the bird behind. It was the punkest thing I've ever seen Todd.
Todd Barry: I'm not in for violence but if that guy just got tackled and pummelled a little bit
Ed Gamble: Yeah, just a little bit.
Todd Barry: Just like one, cos that's a shitty thing to do.
Ed Gamble: Yeah I mean it was pretty cool as well.
Todd Barry: Yeah, you like that?
Ed Gamble: Yeah it was pretty cool.
Todd Barry: That's what punks are all about right?
James Acaster: Yeah I heard it and thought it was pretty cool.
Todd Barry: I don't see me being friends with that guy.
James Acaster: No, I can't see you being friends with that guy.
Ed Gamble: I'd like to see it.
James Acaster: I'd be very surprised if like after this you walked out and just there's a guy with a pink mohawk waiting for you, like 'hey Todd!'.
Todd Barry: Yeah and we do that same move. Go to the nearest McDonald's.
James Acaster: So your drink.
Todd Barry: Oh man, this is another one where, am I allowed to give the things I was thinking about.
James Acaster: Absolutely.
Ed Gamble: Of course!
Todd Barry: I mean I don't drink a lot of alcohol but so I probably wouldn't have had, I drink some alcohol but I don't, I don't know if like I would have a win with dinner. But maybe, this is gonna sound boring, one thing I thought of was a ginger beer, like a non-alcoholic ginger beer because that's kind of delicious. And then I kind of, the one I settled on, I don't think you guys do this in where you're from, is iced tea.
James Acaster: Yes, we're familiar with iced tea.
Ed Gamble: We do have iced tea but not to the extent that you do iced tea over here.
Todd Barry: Yeah?
Ed Gamble: Are we talking like sweet tea? I've seen people have sweet tea on it's... which is crazy.
Todd Barry: Sweet tea is, it's unbelievably sweet. Sometimes you can do a half and half, you just give me they'll give me a bit of both of those. I mean sweet tea is delicious but it's also like you feel guilty as your drinking it.
Ed Gamble: Sure, but with this meal there are four types of carbs anyway.
Todd Barry: But with a bunch of lemon oh yeah, maybe I ought to have like a moderately sweet iced tea. God how boring, I sound like the most boring guy in the world with that iced tea. I mean eight beers, I'll have eight beers.
Ed Gamble: What flavour would you like the iced tea?
Todd Barry: What flavour?
Ed Gamble: Yeah is it like lemon or peach or something?
Todd Barry: Oh, you know I once got a pedicure in Dallas and
Ed Gamble: You know what Todd, I was not expecting that to be the next sentence.
James Acaster: No!
Todd Barry: But I remember, I was staying at a fancy hotel near there, I was working with someone else and they gave us one hundred dollar credit at this fancy hotel so I was like alright, I'm gonna, fuck it go get a pedicure. And I just remember this nice woman giving me, talking to me giving me my pedicure, she goes, 'do you want some peach iced tea?', so I was like, 'yes I do', it was fucking delicious. But the peaches I don't eat, that's the weird part.
James Acaster: You don't eat peaches but you're having it anyway.
Todd Barry: Yeah, the peach iced tea was, it was phenomenal.
Ed Gamble: Would you like the pedicure peach iced tea?
James Acaster: Yeah, we can give you that at this dream meal. The pedicure peach iced tea.
Todd Barry: I don't know if I'd want the peach flavour over powering those spicy fries I just ordered. So I'm gonna say a regular, like a black tea or whatever standard, southern style. Half unsweetened, half sweet, with a few lemons. Maybe even a lime.
James Acaster: Maybe even put a lime in there.
Ed Gamble: Great. Throw a lime in there.
Todd Barry: I just I just made a game time decision about that.
James Acaster: See now I'm imagining you as a character in To Kill a Mockingbird or something.
Todd Barry: Oh really?
James Acaster: Sitting on your porch, drinking your iced tea.
Ed Gamble: Having a pedicure.
Todd Barry: Eating Japanese curry.
Ed Gamble: Classic there, that classic chapter.
James Acaster: That'll be good. And what about, where do you stand on an Arnold Palmer.
Todd Barry: Oh those are good! The thing about Arnold Palmers though is like, I can drink one in like two seconds, it just goes down so, it's great but then you just feel like oh, do I get another one? And then you're like oh it's all that sugar.
Ed Gamble: So is that, is that lemonade and iced tea?
Todd Barry: yes, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Right, okay. Very sweet.
James Acaster: I like them.
Todd Barry: They're really good, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: But you are right, they go down very easily.
Todd Barry: Yeah, I mean, depending on the hot, the heat, the temperature of the weather.
James Acaster: The temperature of the weather.
Todd Barry: Not the temperature of the iced tea.
James Acaster: How often do you drink iced tea?
Todd Barry: You know, it's interesting. Wait I just realised it's not interesting. I remember doing an interview about food and it was like, it was years ago about like, well I love going to coffee shops, I love iced tea. And then I realised, I don't order iced tea. I order coffee ninety nine percent of the time but iced tea's good instead of a second coffee, like in the morning you have a coffee and in the afternoon, I don't, the second cup is fine but it does not even nearly, but a nice iced fucking tea, oh my god.
James Acaster: Do you think Ice-T drinks iced tea?
Todd Barry: I have an Iced-T story if you want?
Ed Gamble: Yeah!
Todd Barry: I did his podcast.
James Acaster: Great.
Todd Barry: I got my, I had a publicist at the time, she was like Iced-T wants you on his podcast. And I was like, really? Okay. And, so then I booked in and I took a bus to his house and I went inside his house and he was very nice. But I could tell, he was like, 'what's your last name again?', I was like ah okay. He had like a twenty five year old comedy nerd, I think, booking it so it was like he was asking for all his favourites. And he was really nice but I remember he, this was in Ice, it was kind of surreal like taking a bus to Ice-T's actual house. Coco was there. But he just gave me iced water. It was one of the most surreal experiences in my career of showbusiness.
Ed Gamble: What was Iced-T's podcast?
Todd Barry: It was a lot about hip hop and rap and I, you know, he had guests on that would just kind of like meander in and I just felt like, they would be talking about rap and I was like, well I don't want to chime in, but I feel like I'm not saying anything. But I remember at one point he was like, 'I get you, I get you'. But he was nice.
James Acaster: See now, what you want really, cos now that Iced-T has given you some ice cubes, you need ice cube to give you an Iced-T.
Todd Barry: Oh my god. That's that's full, that would be just complete this.
James Acaster: Cos I bet, I bet no one's had that no one's had both experiences, who's actually been able to get both of them
Todd Barry: See now you're making me feel inadequate because I was all excited, I was pretty satisfied with the iced water from Iced-T but
Ed Gamble: Where does Vanilla Ice stand in all this?
Todd Barry: Oh yeah I've got a Vanilla Ice story as well.
Ed Gamble: Excellent.
James Acaster: Go for it.
Todd Barry: it's not much of a story but I was on a plane, sitting in coach, going to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and this guy gets on and I was like, sits in coach a few rows behind me, just sits down, puts his hat over his head and falls asleep. I was like whose that fucking guy? I think that's Vanilla Ice. So then I look at my phone and like he was just in town and I was like holy shit I'm on a plane with Vanilla Ice. So then we ended up, we land in Fort Lauderdale and we ended up washing our hands next to each other in the men's room. And he, I just remembered that he washed his hands like he's about to do surgery. I was like, alright, good for you, cos I'm kind of a hand washer like alright, yeah, scrub those hands man. But I thought it was cool, he flew coach and he was just flying by himself and I didn't chat him up, I think someone ask, I think I saw someone ask for a picture but I left him alone.
James Acaster: You left, you left Vanilla Ice well alone. You just admired the hand washing
Todd Barry: I just recognised, oh this is a good story right here. I mean, maybe it isn't but it's a life experience.
James Acaster: I think it's good that you shared that moment with him while you were washing your hands.
Todd Barry: Yeah I think that that made it, took it to the next level.
Ed Gamble: you know if I ever meet Iced-T, no Vanilla Ice excuse me, I'll be very comfortable shaking his hand because I know that he's clean.
Todd Barry: Yeah, very clean!
Ed Gamble: But maybe that's why, maybe he met a fan and he just hates his fans so that's why he's washing himself you know
Todd Barry: Oh that could be it. Yeah that could be it. I do that kind of right when I get offstage, or after I do like a meet and greet situation. Get me the first, where's the first sink near here?
James Acaster: Yeah just sanitising the hands. Are you worried because you're a bit of a germaphobe?
Todd Barry: I am. There's a bit of mine, I'm sure you'd love, about how I'm a lazy germaphobe but cos I don't really clean my floors but I wash my hands eight hundred times a day.
James Acaster: I am familiar with that bit actually. Thank you for doing it live for me.
James Acaster: Your dessert
Todd Barry: At first I was gonna go with like, well how I would really maybe feel after eating all this food which is probably maybe I wouldn't want dessert but I would maybe, hey how about a lemon sorbet?
James Acaster: Oh yeah
Todd Barry: Like a light. And then I just went with something equally exciting, are you ready for this?
Ed Gamble: Yep!
Todd Barry: I almost thought of tiramisu also which is unbelievable.
James Acaster: Yep! Very good.
Ed Gamble: It's so delicious. But also, at the end of that meal if you have that, that's basically the last carb on the meal.
Todd Barry: Yeah I mean, but, I just said how about a nice piece of vanilla cake with vanilla icing.
James Acaster: Oh!
Todd Barry: Yeah I know.
Ed Gamble: Oh so like sort of birthday cake?
Todd Barry: Yeah sort of like a birthday cake.
James Acaster: Imagine if you got a vanilla cake with vanilla icing given to you by
Todd Barry: Oh my god, I didn't even make that connection.
James Acaster: Exciting stuff. Who knew that we went from a Vanilla Ice anecdote into some vanilla icing iced
Todd Barry: How do you feel about coffee after, do you guys want coffee? It always seems like a weird ritual.
Ed Gamble: I would have coffee after a meal. Depending on what, if I was going out, if I was going out after
Todd Barry: Well what's the purpose of that? Are you like craving coffee? If you're going out after, ah okay, if you're gonna go tear up, if you needed to stay up until ten thirty or whatever to have fun in London.
James Acaster: I like a peppermint tea after a meal maybe, if you, in my head it helps with the digestion.
Todd Barry: You ever had an iced peppermint tea?
James Acaster: No, is that a real thing?
Todd Barry: Yeah. It's just, I bet you could figure out the recipe. They, also have you ever had like a hibiscus tea?
James Acaster: Oh yeah yeah yeah.
Todd Barry: Oh my god. That's nice.
Ed Gamble: I'm not a tea guy. I've never been into tea. I don't know why I'm just straight coffee all day.
Todd Barry: Really? I thought coffee just, I thought they just started serving coffee in London.
Ed Gamble: Well yeah yeah, that's why I'm into it, I'm ahead of the trends.
Todd Barry: There's good coffee shops in London. There's one called Kaffeine that I've been to that's
Ed Gamble: Yes, Kaffeine with a K? Yeah yeah yeah that's a nice place.
Todd Barry: I like that one. They must be thrilled for the shout out I just gave them.
Ed Gamble: There's another place that does really good coffee but I'm always annoyed by its name, it's called The Department of Social Affairs.
Todd Barry: Ah, why would you be annoyed by that name? It's not like it's pretentious or, oh my god.
James Acaster: You can't call it that.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's what it's called. It's good coffee though so shout out.
James Acaster: So I'm going to read your order back to you now Todd.
Todd Barry: Alright.
James Acaster: You would like still water, cold crushed ice. Popadoms, starter caci y pepe?
Todd Barry: Caci y pepe, yeah.
James Acaster: With some chilli flakes on the side from Via Karota.
Todd Barry: Yeah yeah.
James Acaster: Main, Japanese curry with rice.
Todd Barry: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Are we going with beef or the veg?
Todd Barry: Oh let's go, let's go Kastu chicken on that one.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah. It didn't even get a shout out in the last one, another game time decision.
Todd Barry: I know. Yeah yeah. Extra hot, extra hot curry. Extra spicy.
James Acaster: Extra hot. Five out of five. Side, fries. From?
Todd Barry: Yeah, oh god. I would, oh god, who has good fries? I don't know. Can I not know? . James Acaster Yeah you can just have the best, the finest fries
Todd Barry: Yeah send me your finest, I trust you. Look Google it, yelp it up, google it.
Ed Gamble: But well done fries.
James Acaster: Yeah well done fries. Yeah, crispy. Drink, iced tea.
Todd Barry: Yeah!
James Acaster: It says here half and half lemon and lime.
Todd Barry: Half, not Half and Half the milk, the half sweet, half not, unsweet
James Acaster: Half sweet tea, half unsweet tea,
Todd Barry: Yeah
James Acaster: There's loads of lemons in there and a lime.
Todd Barry: Yeah sure, why not.
James Acaster: There's a vanilla icing iced vanilla cake, served to you by Vanilla Ice. In his bare hands because you know you can trust him, not even a plate, just the cake directly onto his hands and you
Ed Gamble: And you eat it off his hands
James Acaster: Like a horse
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: He keeps a flat palm for you.
Todd Barry: I'd let, yeah I'd let him serve me the cake. Great.
Ed Gamble: Perfect, that sounds like the perfect end to the meal.
James Acaster: And Iced-T will serve you the iced tea.
Todd Barry: Yeah, I mean I didn't know we were getting into that
James Acaster: I think it's fine. And then Ice Cube serves you the iced water at the beginning.
Todd Barry: Sure
Ed Gamble: This is more rappers than we've ever had
James Acaster: Yeah, McPoppadom gives you the poppadom
Todd Barry: DJ Fries
James Acaster: Yeah, DJ fries comes in
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Always nice to see DJ Fries popping up. Thank you very much for coming to the Dream Restaurant.
Todd Barry: Thanks! This was fun.
James Acaster: Thank you Todd.
Todd Barry: Oh, I guess that's it.
Ed Gamble: Yep.
Todd Barry: Bye!
Ed Gamble: Todd Barry there!
James Acaster: What a great menu!
Ed Gamble: Great menu
James Acaster: Great guy.
Ed Gamble: Great guy, great menu and, did not say candy mice.
James Acaster: Thank you very much for not saying candy mice Todd. He said he had a lovely vanilla cake with some vanilla icing.
Ed Gamble: Yes he did. Very delicious.
James Acaster: and there are no rappers called Candy Mice.
Ed Gamble: No there aren't, as far as I'm aware.
Ja Although, good rapper name
Ed Gamble: It is quite a good rapper name.
James Acaster: I'd call myself Candy Mouse.
Ed Gamble: Candy Mouse yeah, Kandy with a K?
James Acaster: No no I think there's not enough, too many rappers change the Cs to the Ks, I'll be Candy Mouse
Ed Gamble: S of the mouse is a dollar sign?
James Acaster: Yep. Absolutely the S of the mouse is a dollar sign. Thank you for that.
Ed Gamble: And the E, and the E is the euro sign.
James Acaster: Yeah, just to keep it currency.
Ed Gamble: Whoa. Whoa whoa whoa.
James Acaster: Yeah, that'll really stick it to the leave voters.
Ed Gamble: And the Y of Candy is yen.
James Acaster: Ah great. Now I'm trying to think of other
Ed Gamble: And the C of Candy is cent.
James Acaster: Very good.
Ed Gamble: And the D of Candy is dong. But I don't know what the sign for dong is.
James Acaster: Okay
Ed Gamble: But it could be.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Anyway, this is the sort of riff we normally have off air.
James Acaster: I enjoyed it on air that time, that was really good. There was a point I thought, he's gonna do the whole thing.
Ed Gamble: Yeah I thought I could do too but I ran out of currencies that I now. So thank you very much for coming into the Dream Restaurant Todd, that was a wonderful menu. If you enjoyed the sound of Todd, you probably know Todd's work already. But he does have a Netflix special available now, a new Netflix special called Spicy Honey.
James Acaster: Yeah get on there and watch it. I think he's got some other specials on there as well, I don't know if The Crowd Work
Ed Gamble: I think that's on there.
James Acaster: I think that's on there. You can watch Todd do Crowd Work. If it's not on there you canoff menu todd probably find it somewhere else on the internet.
Ed Gamble: Yes, he's also got a book out called Thank You for Coming to Hattiesburg. So check that out as well. He's a very prolific and very funny man.
James Acaster: Excellent stuff.
Ed Gamble: What we got going on James?
James Acaster: Oh not much just really us doing this, hanging out with you and Benito, oh Ed Gamble See you next week!
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast where we dip hot and crispy chat into cool humour. Hello James.
Ed Gamble: Hello Ed gamble. My name is James Acaster.
Ed Gamble: Yes, full name James Acaster, full name James William Bartholomew Acaster.
Ed Gamble: Oh, not far off.
Ed Gamble: Not far off. Williams right, isn't it?
James Acaster: Yeah. Now I'm trying to remember. Now you you have a funny middle name.
Ed Gamble: I have an amusing middle name. I've got two actually now.
James Acaster: Yes. I'm very annoyed that I can't remember them. Because I think that one of them is like a surname.
Ed Gamble: Surly you've seen my hit show Blood Sugar, James.
James Acaster: I have seen your hit show Blood Sugar and you're very funny routines about your father. And him giving you and your siblings bad middle names. I remember that his cat is called mutabi.
Ed Gamble: Mattatabi, close.
James Acaster: Mattatabi, that's even funnier.
Ed Gamble: Now. See if you can guess my middle names, Benito loves guessing games.
James Acaster: He loves guessing games. I feel like it's something like you're named after some soldier. Or is that your sister's middle name?
Ed Gamble: Thats, my sister's one. I'm just gonna, I'm gonna reveal what it is, my middle name is Stephenson. So anyway, anyway this is not a names podcast, James, is it?
James Acaster: No, no, it's a food podcast. We have a guest into the dream restaurant and we ask them what their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish, drink is and people get annoyed that I say it in the wrong order. But you know what? I don't care.
Ed Gamble: He doesn't care. The guy couldn't care less.
Ed Gamble: And this week, our guest is Rosie Jones.
Ed Gamble: Rosie Jones. She is a wonderful stand up, a soon to be published children's author, which is hilarious, because as you'll hear, she is a very rude lady.
James Acaster: Yep. She has a wonderful podcast of her own called Daddy look at me, with Helen Bauer.
Ed Gamble: Yes she does. We've both been guests on that. So go and check that out. It's about the things you used to do when you were a kid, when used to show off to try and get your parents affection, etc. It's very, very funny. Go and check that out. But James, even though she has all of those wonderful things, and she's such a wonderful comedian, if she says the secret ingredient which we don't like, we will kick her out of the restaurant and the secret ingredient this week is,
James Acaster: Rose water.
Ed Gamble: Rose water. We don't need that shit. Thank you.
James Acaster: I mean, I don't see the point in it. The flavours just a bit nothingy. I'd rather have normal water to be honest.
Ed Gamble:
It's like having a bit of bathwater get into your mouth.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah, that's exactly what it's like. So I'm all for kicking Rosie out. She says it.
Ed Gamble: If she says that she's getting out. I suspect that she won't say rosewater. I'm gonna put it out there. She's never given me a rose water vibe. To be honest, you know?
James Acaster: No, but you know, we couldn't resist it. Her name is Rosie.
Ed Gamble: Her name is Rosie. That's true. So actually, even if she if she orders any water, technically she's ordered Rosie water, which shes out for that, right?
James Acaster: Fair enough. Yeah, that's good.
Ed Gamble: All right, cool. Well, here is the Off Menu menu of Rosie Jones.
Ed Gamble: Rosie Jones. Welcome to the dream restaurant. This is the first time we've had a guest where you can hear them being excited before I've said anything.
James Acaster: Welcome Rosie Jones to the dream resturant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Rosie Jones: Say, I heard a rumour that you had banned me.
James Acaster: Yeah. Yes.
Ed Gamble: Who did you hear that rumour from?
Rosie Jones: you.
James Acaster: Yes. I think I said that.
Rosie Jones: I mean, I've been waiting. I've been in the queue for years And every time I get near to the door, you shut is.
James Acaster: Yes. Sure.
Rosie Jones: Why do you hate me?
Ed Gamble: It's a good question. James is the one who's clearly banned you I wasn't aware of this arrangement. Has this come from you, James?
James Acaster: Yes. I banned Rosie. Yeah, I think I think she's disruptive. We try to keep a quiet restaurant here where everyone can just relax. She's very disruptive, she's a bully on occasion. I'd say she's a bully.
Rosie Jones: Oh, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's not making you sound like a bully at all. Rosie.
Rosie Jones: I am not a bully. I build character.
Ed Gamble: Thats what you're doing, I get it right okay. So, James, are you worried that Rosie was going to build our characters too much if we let her in.
James Acaster: I don't like people building characters in the dream resturant. I thought she was going to come in and try and build our characters. And also, I was worried that I thought ban her now before she gets on because, I reckon, if Rosie said the secret ingredient I think she would refuse to leave if we tried to kick her out the restaurant.
Ed Gamble: Oh, yeah, once she's in we're not getting rid of her.
Rosie Jones: No. No. I've brought my suitcase and I'm here to stay.
James Acaster:
She's gonna live here now, become part of the whole world. Every time we have a guest on.
Rosie Jones: Yeah
Ed Gamble: We're gonna have to give her a job.
Rosie Jones: Oh my god, can I be the door man?
Ed Gamble: No because you seem to just want to refuse people, you're just there saying no, no, no, no all the time.
Rosie Jones: Yeah, cos I want it to be my resturant. Why does everyone else need to come in. I'm here now you can just cook for me all day every day.
Ed Gamble: I mean, you really are missing out, you're missing out if you're just listening to this. Which you are cos we don't release a video but the the gesture Rosie did when she said you cook for me all day every day. I mean, it was like watching a four year old girl at her princess party just going, mmmm and.
James Acaster: Yeah, you put both your hands in the air and you stuck your bum out to the side. And did a little squidge motion.
Ed Gamble: Squidge motion. That's what it was.
James Acaster: Yeah, squish the whole body together like that. You wanna be the bouncer and stop everyone else getting in so you can eat all the food.
Rosie Jones: Yeah. I mean, whats your problem with that?
James Acaster: Immediately, this is like, you know, justifying my decision.
Rosie Jones: Maybe we could do a take away and a bouncer. People the door, say what they want and we make it. I eat it. And I tell them if it's good or bad.
Ed Gamble: Right. It doesn't seem like a great takeaway i'll be honest. So the takeaway is that they know if it's nice or not. The main the main takeaway from this is that you're a bully.
Rosie Jones: Honestly, how could I be a bully. I'm a little disabled lady.
James Acaster: Alright, how long did that take. How long did that take for that to be the excuse.
Rosie Jones: It's the secret ingredient. I'm disabled.
Ed Gamble: The Secret ingredient is disability. Unfortunately, you've got to leave the restaurant now.
James Acaster: Goodbye.
Rosie Jones: I'm very happy to be here.
Ed Gamble: We're very happy to have you here. Despite James trying to ban you. I think it's gonna be a good one. I'm looking forward to hearing your menu. Rosie. You like your food? Are you a foodie?
Rosie Jones: Oh, my, god. I love food so much. So much, that genuinley my first word was all gone. And I only started speaking because I ran out of food and I needed to say, all gone, which meant, Mum get your shit together and get me more fucking food.
James Acaster: I'll tell you something. This is true. My first words were all gone as well. Yeah, yeah, I used to hold up the plate, tip it upside down and I would say all gone, like that. And that was my that's my first words.
Rosie Jones: Oh my god James.
Ed Gamble: Do you know what mine were? Poached Salmon, it was food based though, it was hot. Oh, I had something hot and I went hot hot.
James Acaster: Did you?
Rosie Jones: Thats actually quite cute.
Ed Gamble: I am quite cute. I'm an absolute cutie pie actually.
Rosie Jones: No no. Too far. And then my first sentence was actually quite complicated. It was, shall we all go to McDonalds. Is that a good idea?
Ed Gamble: Rosie I absolutely don't believe that, that your first sentence was that many words. and so specific.
Rosie Jones: Well it was, we go Mac Don Don, that good idea.
Ed Gamble: Right now we're getting to the bottom of this line. It wasn't Shall we go to McDonald's? Is that a good idea? It was we go to Mac Don Don, that good idea.
James Acaster: We go Mac Don Don, that good idea.
Ed Gamble: I mean of all the of all the abbreviations for McDonald's. I think McDon Don is my favourite.
James Acaster: I'll be adopting that.
Rosie Jones: And the answer to that is always yes. It is a good idea to go to McDonDon. All day, every day.
James Acaster: Unless you go with me, and then you might get angry.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, James's McDonDon order is absolutely awful. I said McDong Dong there. That's not the same place.
James Acaster: It's a different place. But that is always a good idea to go to Mc Dong Dong.
Rosie Jones:
Whats your McDonDon order?
James Acaster: Diet Coke
Ed Gamble: Starting with a drink, so that should tell you how bad it is. He starts by telling you the drink.
James Acaster: Diet Coke, grilled chicken wrap and a bag of carrots.
Rosie Jones: Hahaha, No!
Ed Gamble: Initially laughed, now angry.
James Acaster: the catchphrase has come back.
Ed Gamble: It's a Mc no no from Rosie
Rosie Jones: Carrots!
James Acaster: yeah
Rosie Jones: Ca, ca, carrots! No.
Ed Gamble: What's your McDonDon order?
Rosie Jones: Actually, controversial. I mean it's not as fucked and weird as him. But you know, I like a chicken select. It comes in threes or fives, so obviously I get ten. Ten chicken selects and bag of chips. Thats for me, thats it.
Ed Gamble: That's more of a standard McDonDon order but you're right it's still quite weird. I don't know why, what's wrong with a Big Mac or a quarter pounder with cheese? What's wrong with you people?
Rosie Jones: I mean, we're getting ahead of the game here but I don't like bread. I feel like what is the point in bread. You get in, nothing. Give me more meat. Thats all I need. Bread, fuck off.
Ed Gamble: I knew that was coming.
James Acaster: Well, let's start with still or sparkling water. And then we're going to delve into this bread situation a little bit more.
Rosie Jones: I mean, I've been through this before. Tap. Just give me a bit of tap water cos I don't trust you. You're a sneeky bugger. You're gonna go, still or sparkling? I'll go still and you'll slap on a £30 water bill. No, fetch me a tap and i'll do it for myself.
Ed Gamble: You are a sneaky bugger James.
James Acaster: Well yeah, well for a second there I thought like I've done something to Rosie in the past and there was still a sparkling water that I'd forgotten about, I'd tricked her and gone like, do you want still a sparkling water Rosie? And then come back with some massive trick, massive prank. I don't even know what it would be. But you mean waiters in general?
Rosie Jones: Yeah. Waiters in general. I once spent £40 on water.
Ed Gamble: What?
Rosie Jones: £40.
Ed Gamble: Where?
Rosie Jones: it was a lovely hotel. We went for New Years eve one time for a slap up meal. £10 a water bottle. So now, whereever I go, I go tap, tap. Hello, tap. Sparkling water is the devil, I hate it. You could not pay me to drink it. What is it? It fizzes for no reason.
Ed Gamble:
Well, I don't think it fizzes for no reason. Rosie? What do you mean you're fizzes for no reason. There's, there's bubbles in it. It's fizzy because it's got carbon dioxide in it.
Rosie Jones: Why tho, who wants a fizzy bottle of shit all.
Ed Gamble: I do sort of agree with you there. When you really think about sparkling water, there's no purpose for it. It doesn't really, it's not exciting. Like Coke and stuff is exciting because it's all sweet and delicious and bubbly and it feels like a Willy Wonka thing. Sparkling water, no, not at all.
Ed Gamble: What kind of a tap do you want me to use when I'm getting your tap water? What's your favourite tap design?
Rosie Jones: Oooo, this is a great question.
Ed Gamble: It isn't, but thanks.
Rosie Jones: You know what, I like old school. I like my cold to be separate. So you know what you're getting. None of that squeeky bullshit, because you don't know what you're getting. No, I want an individual cold one. Screw it, pour it, screw it back, Lovely glass of cold water. You know what I say, I say keep em separate.
James Acaster: You want the screwed taps as opposed to the push you pull ones or motion sensor.
Rosie Jones: No, No No. You know when I want water, I want to be in control.
Ed Gamble: I think you're in control of the motion sensors though. They don't start running water when you move like 50 metres away. You have to like wave it over the thing.
Rosie Jones: Yeah, but sometimes they stop too soon. You think you're in control, but actually the tap controls you.
Ed Gamble: We've got a little sink with one of those like waterfall taps where the top of the tap is like missing deliberately. So use It come out and then it like falls off the edge. We very rarely use it so every time
you turn it on it basically coughs a load of water at you and it's exactly the height of my dick so whenever I try and wash my hands in there I come out looking like i've pissed myself.
Rosie Jones: Great. Or beacuse you have.
Ed Gamble: because I have, It's actually a very convenient fault to have.
James Acaster: Poppadoms or bread? Poppadoms or bread, Rosie Jones? Poppadoms or bread?
Rosie Jones: You know this. Every single day of the week, give me that poppadom.
Ed Gamble: What's your problem with bread? Because bread is delicious by itself you can have amazing bread put some butter on it, lovely. A lovely sandwich Rosie Jones. What about a lovely sandwich
Rosie Jones: No, you said a swear word to me, because I literally liked all food. I do like bread, but on my terms. But the only thing I do not and will not eat is butter. No, I don't do any type of butter.
Ed Gamble: But of course you do it's in loads of stuff.
Rosie Jones: Well I eat it if I can't see it. But in terms of butter on bread, No. Not on bread, not on crackers, cos I find it too greasy. I do like bread, but I don't like white bread, warps, sweet bread. I love a chiabatta.
Ed Gamble: Thats white bread.
Rosie Jones: A focaccia.
Ed Gamble: Thats white bread.
Rosie Jones: I love a frech stick.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, white bread.
Rosie Jones: I love it with a little bit of a crunch. But no, white bread, absolutley go fuck yourself.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, all of those things you said were white bread.
James Acaster: Well no. I know what Rosie means. She means sliced white bread that's all you know. Sugared up and made in a factory.
Ed Gamble: Ok, yeah. Bad, sliced white bread. I only very very rarely, maybe once a year I think, I'd really like some just shit toast.
Rosie Jones: No,
Ed Gamble: no, no, I know.
Rosie Jones: Poppadoms or bread, always poppadoms.
James Acaster: What are you going for with your poppadoms and how are they less messy than butter?
Rosie Jones: I love all the dips and a warm poppadom. So you're talking, mango cuntney, rita, and the red one. Whats the red one?
James Acaster: It's really hot. Isn't it? The hot, the hottest one, yeah.
Rosie Jones: So when it comes, you need to eat it quickly, before it goes soggy. And eating it quickly means a lot of those dips go in your eyebrows.
Ed Gamble: straight in the eyebrow?
James Acaster: Obviously.
Rosie Jones: No, I think it's mostly on the cheek area. But you do get some splash back.
Ed Gamble: In an Indian restaurant, you must be the only person who actually uses the hot towels they bring at the end.
James Acaster: Now you missed out some classic dips there. The pickle is the one that people will be most,
Rosie Jones: No, don't like it. Don't like it Jim-bob, it's a bit too hot and it's a bit too chunky.
James Acaster: I got a job of lime pickle for Christmas. My main person from my parents this year.
Ed Gamble: They brought you a jar of lime pickle even. You mean, they cleaning out their cupboards in November.
James Acaster: The Christmas just gone. That was my main present from my Mum and Dad, was a jar of lime pickle.
Rosie Jones: Why don't they like you?
James Acaster: You'd have to ask them.
Ed Gamble: Thats a good question.
Rosie Jones: Basically, having cerebral palsy, I try to eat the messiest food. Becuase thats how I find my true friends. Whenever I want to test someones loyalty, I'll take them to a resturant and i'll order ribs, bacuse if you're willing to sit there and watch a girl with severe cerebral palsy eat some really sticky ribs, and get them, frakly, everywhere. We're talking, face, trouseres, top, shoes, table, waiter, on your hair. If you're willing to sit there and watch an absolute monstrosity, thats a good friend.
Ed Gamble: I really want to go for ribs with you now Rosie. Cuz look, I get messy eating ribs as well but I feel like if I was with you I'd also feel a bit more comfortable in just really letting loose and we could just go absolutely rib crazy.
Rosie Jones:
Thats the thing with me, I do not give a shit.
James Acaster: I mean, if there was ever a statement that someone didn't have to make. Let's get onto your starter Rosie. how messy is this?
Rosie Jones: Actually, not messy at all. I think you're gonna hate me. Because I need to warn you that I will be here for about 12 hours. Because I like eating slowly. Suprise, suprise.
James Acaster: I'd love it if they brought back Surprise Surprise and Rosie was the host.
Ed Gamble: Oh Rosie, please. If you could host a reboot of Surprise Surprise that got to be.
Rosie Jones: Oh my god. But between the first surprise and the second surprise, everyone will guess the surprise. So my starter, I think it will take me about three hours to eat, and it's just crisps. You're talking twiglets, pringles.
Ed Gamble: Fucking hell.
Rosie Jones: What?
James Acaster: You just had poppadoms.
Ed Gamble: Also, Rosie you started - we started this interview by you saying, oh my god, I love food. I'm such a foodie and your starter is, and I quote, just crisps.
James Acaster: Just crisp.
Rosie Jones: But wait. I don't think you understand the scale of it.
Ed Gamble: Okay, sorry. Take us through it again.
Rosie Jones:
Ok. Twiglegs, pringles, bacon rashers, them little onion rings, salt and vinegar sticks. I want peanuts as well. Peanuts, cashew nuts. I want them cheese straws. Oh and I want hula hoops. I want Doritos of every flavour. I want niknaks, but only the BBQ rib version. I want the crinkley mini cheddars. I don't want walkers, cos I feel like I can get walkers anywhere.
Ed Gamble: You can get any of those things you've said anywhere. Every single thing you' ve said, you can get the same shop you can get the walkers.
James Acaster: Yeah, you're not travelling to Calais for the rest of them are you. You've just ordered a load of bar snacks Rosie.
Ed Gamble: This is now, you know you did you did the move earlier, this is now the four year old girl demanding what crisps she wants at her princess party.
Rosie Jones: But it's more about the environment. I'm having all my favourite snacks in one place. Whats wrong with that?
Ed Gamble: Do you want it all in one big bowl, Rosie? or do you want it in separate bowls?
James Acaster: No lucky dip?
Rosie Jones: No, I wan't to be here - oh wait, did I say pretzles?
James Acaster: No, I mean you said everything else but yeah. I think you missed out pretzels and pork scratchings and that was it.
Rosie Jones: No Jim, Jim-bob, I don't want pork scratchings. I want pretzles. I want to be in control of where I sit. So in one bowl, you're gonna get the cheesy doritos on the twiglet. No one wants a cheesy twiglet, do they?
James Acaster: Actually, it sounds quite nice now you've said that. Melted cheese and marmites nice.
Ed Gamble: Melted Cheese and marmites nice.
Rosie Jones: No.
Ed Gamble: I imagine you Rosie, with like 50 bowls all lined up in front of you on the table. And you're dipping in and going back and forth really quickly. And it's like you know when you see people with loads of glasses with different amounts of water in and they play it like an orchestra. I see you playing the snacks like a water glass orchestra.
Rosie Jones: Yeah. This is also a question because I like that in your resturant, you're able to provide me with a table that looks a bit like a doughnut. So ideally, I want to sit in the middle and have the table surrounding me. So I get 360 swivel. So i'm like ooo twiglets, ooo wotsits.
James Acaster: No. You didn't say wotsits.
Rosie Jones: The wotsits are behind me, and i've got every pringle lined up infront of me.
James Acaster: Do you want the table to rotate like a lazy susan around you? Or do you want to spin around on your chair in the middle? Or do you want both to spin around and you see what happens?
Rosie Jones: Oh my god, please can the table rotate.
Ed Gamble: Do you want to be in charge of how the table rotates? Or do you want it sort of slowly going round so you can just like pick as it goes around but like a YoSushi belt
Rosie Jones: No Ed, how do you not know this about me. I need to be in control.
Ed Gamble: I do know that.
Rosie Jones: Take control every little detail of when and where the table rotates. And, please, please, about every 20 minutes just supprise me with a different snack, so i'm always excited.
James Acaster: Did you say quavers? Did you mention quavers?
Rosie Jones: I haven't mentioned quavers. Bring the quavers, but only cheese. Don't bring me that prawn cocktail shit.
Ed Gamble: Now I'll be honest with you Rosie. This doesn't - this is not my sort of starter like, I like nuts. I like the nuts element. That's great. I think I might be a bit of a crisp snob you know. I don't like quavers, wotsits, twiglets, the chip sticks. I don't like any of that. I like proper, like my favourite crisps Rosie, are Torres black truffle potato crisps.
Rosie Jones: oh, fuck right off.
Ed Gamble: They are phenomenal, have you have them?
Rosie Jones: No, beacuse i'm not a pretentious prick.
Ed Gamble: Well I am. I'm happy to be pretentious prick if I could sit there with a big bowl of black truffle crisps, munching away all day long. yum, yum , yum.
Rosie Jones: Oh my god. Space invaders. Can I get a big bowl of space invaders.
Ed Gamble: do you mean Space Raiders?
Rosie Jones: Raiders, no invaders.
James Acaster: Weirdly, even though like, you know, we've talked about a lot of crisps, there are still some ones I would like to ask you about, see if you like them or not. This one often gets forgotten I'd say. I'd say you only remember these crisps even exist when you see them but yet they're one of the most common ones. Squares?
Rosie Jones: No.
Ed Gamble: No you're right
Rosie Jones: Honestly, earlier today a little voice in my head was like, Squares? And I went, No. No. They taste of nothing. No.
James Acaster: That's fair enough. How do you think they've kept going that long. because no one's favourite crisps. Right?
Rosie Jones: Because they're always on offer. I think parents who hate there kids buy them.
James Acaster: Really we should move on and talk about your main course. But,
Ed Gamble: I've just remembered this is your starter. I was sat here going oh, we really shouldn't move on. We haven't had Rosie starter yet. In the back of my mind thinking, it can't be just crisps.
Rosie Jones: Yeah, whats wrong with that?
Ed Gamble: What like about it is when I'm saying that it's a controversial choice of starter you look at me as if, how could anyone not pick just crisps as a starter? It's the only choice for a starter is just loads of crisps.
Rosie Jones: Honestly, I'm a fan of them all, but i'm only picking the obvious ones.
Ed Gamble: So someone else must have done just crisps. It must be every other episode.
Ed Gamble: Someone must have done just crisps.
James Acaster: I don't think we've had anyone say for my starter, I would like to eat crisps for three hours. I don't think we've had that yet.
Ed Gamble: Forgot it was for three hours.
Rosie Jones:
Honestly, because you never get board, you never get full, you just revolve in that table and crunch in those sweet, sweet crispies. I have never been able to go into a resturant and order just a shitload of crispts.
James Acaster: Maybe throughout your meal. We might surprise you every now and again, with a packet of different crisps and see what you think.
Rosie Jones: Oh my god, that would be incredible. Can I get a different crisp between each course.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, for you we'll do that. Absolutely. We've never done that before in Off Menu but yes for you Rosie we'll give you a different Crisp inbetween each course.
James Acaster: So we come to your main course which I imagine is a load of chocolate bars, what we talkin about now?
Rosie Jones: I think you'll like this one, becuase again, I want to graze. U'm staying with a revolving table, but I am having tapas. Just every spanish meal. You're talking patatas bravas, I'll have a little bread, i'll have a little pantone tomato. I'll have a lot of sea food. I'll have chippi monnes, which is mini octopus. I love bali monnes which is sardine. I'll have albondegas which is meat balls.
Ed Gamble: They're so good.
Rosie Jones: I'll have chorizo, I'll have all the hams. All the hams. I'll have all the cheeses, cos i'm being sneeky, and I was gonna have cheese for pudding. Don't hate me.
James Acaster: Well obviously I do.
Rosie Jones: Now I can have a cheese section behind me. All the manchego in the world. Yeah, my nanna is spanish. So you can just rope her in. Pop her in the kitchen and she'll cook everything.
Ed Gamble: Certainly in my eyes, Rosie, I feel like you might have redeemed yourself from the just crisps situation. I absolutely love all of that. I love Spanish food. albondigas especially those meatballs are absolutely incredible.
Rosie Jones: Yeah, great.
Ed Gamble: Tell me, you didn't mention croquettas
Rosie Jones: Oh my god. How did I not think so. you can get meat, fish or veg croquettas. I think i'll go for, oooooo, some mushroom croquettas becuase I got enough meat and seafood either side of me. So i'll just but the croquettas in a little arch infront.
James Acaster: How do you, Rosie Jones, handle going to a tapas restaurant with other people?
Rosie Jones: Great question. You need to go with the right person. So you need to go with someone that you're on the same level with. You need to know that if there are three of you and six croquettas are placed on the table, you should know in your heart of hearts that you are getting three of them. Shit kicks off if i've had one and another person goes in for a third. Then I get nasty.
Ed Gamble: what sort of shit kicks off?
Rosie Jones: I start being a little passive agressive.
James Acaster: I honestly can't even imagine that.
Ed Gamble: Any level of passive from Rosie Jones is an unimaginable situation.
Rosie Jones: I'll go, oh thats funny, i've only had one of those. But if you think thats yours then go ahead. And usually they do back off and shit themselves. Then if they go, oh, I haven't been counting. I go, well I have and thats mine.
Ed Gamble: My girlfriend is the perfect person for me to go to tapas with because she loves food. She loves all the stuff we order. We always overorder, but then she fills up quite quickly so she'll have a taste of everything. And then I go in, then I really start eating. I'm ground sweeping then I'm just annihilating everything that's left.
Rosie Jones:
The bad thing is I never get full. So the best words I can hear is someone going, I'm done, It's all yours. Because then theres no holding me back.
James Acaster: yeah, their catchphrase is I'm done. And your catchphrase is all gone.
Ed Gamble: Basically, we're all divided into one of two categories. It's all gone or I'm done and you need to pair up. If you're an all gone you need to pair up with an I'm done to go to tapas with.
Rosie Jones: Yeah, I mean, if theres an I'm done out there who's a little gay lady, looking for a disabled human hoover who almost always has ribs in their eyebrows. Come get me.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, what a great dating advert. Disabled All Gone, seeks little gay lady I'm Done
Rosie Jones: I might get a T-shirt.
James Acaster: Oh, and that's we get to the end of that main course I just bought over for you. Lovely packet of salt and vinegar discos.
Rosie Jones: Oh my god. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's really good. I mean, we talk about snacks a lot, but I don't think I emphasised how much I like salt and vinegar. So you absolutley nailed it.
James Acaster: So when I was a kid, salt and vinegar was my favourite and cheese and onion was my least favourite. I like cheese and onion now but I definitely thought it was either or.
Rosie Jones: Me too.
Ed Gamble: I'm the other way around. Guys it's because you two are both all gones. Your first word was all gone. You love salt and vinegar. Hate cheese and onion. I was all about the cheese and onion baby. Anyway to get more cheese into my system when I was a little boy.
Rosie Jones: Stinky dirty bugger.
James Acaster:
Rosie, how did you feel about this? This is my first real big like, you know, it's very confusing for me as a kid. When Walker's swapped the colours of salt and vinegar, and cheese and onion. They swapped the green and the blue.
Rosie Jones: I mean they shouldn't have done that. Should they?
James Acaster: To me, always salt and vinegar is blue. And cheese and onion is green.
Ed Gamble: It makes sense, doesn't it? Becuase onion should be green, right? In my head.
Rosie Jones: Yeah, and salt from the sea is blue.
James Acaster: Oh, I hate to just keep talking about crips but I have really got drawn into Rosie's crisp chat I'm afraid Ed, it's just nice to hear someone shout out the crisps.
Ed Gamble: I tried I tried I tried to chip in I tried to chip in with my opinions and Torres black truffle Chris but I was roundly shouted down. T hey do an Imbericco ham flavour as well.
Rosie Jones: No, you can't come in with some bullshit crisp that no ones ever heard of.
Ed Gamble: Are you kidding me that's so popular, at my local shop when they get new shipments in they don't advertise it because they know they're gonna get a rush on. I went down there the other day there were none left on the shelf I had to go round to another aisle and I found the boxes and I opened the box and got three bags out and bought them.
Rosie Jones: Oh my god, you need to get your priorities right.
James Acaster: Says the lady sitting in the middle of the rotating table for the crisps. Benito, save the screenshot
Ed Gamble: ah so this is the question why did you switch the colours of salt and vinegar and cheese and only flavour walkers crisps? We often ask this our salt vinegar and cheese and onion flavour crisp packs have always been the colours they are today. Contrary to popular belief we've never swapped the
colours. The colours are not even temporarily we've no plans to change these designs so you guys invented something happening.
James Acaster: bullshit.
Rosie Jones: Yeah, they are bullshitting.
James Acaster: Yeah, they all bullshitting. It was a massive thing.
Ed Gamble: I love that Acaster has finally turned into a conspiracy theorist and of course it's crisp based.
James Acaster: yeah of course this is what's got me.
James Acaster: Let's go on to your side dish to accompany all the tapas you've just had.
Ed Gamble: Here we go, crisps.
James Acaster: I mean, I'd respect it.
Rosie Jones: This was hard because technically, all my dishes are side dishes. So I decided to go different with something you don't get in a tapas resturant, really. I'm having a scotch egg.
Ed Gamble: It's the only thing left behind the bar at the pub you went to for your starter.
Rosie Jones: No, no, no, no. This is a posh scotch egg.
Ed Gamble: Got ya.
Rosie Jones: We're talking, runny yolk, big sausage filling, maybe two types of meet in that sausage, and the nicesest, cripiest, crumbliest outside.
Ed Gamble: Which is called breading, Rosie. I don't know if you know that. It's called breading. And you've already said you don't like bread, so unfortunately we're not gonna be able to give you that. We're giving you a scotch egg with crushed up poppadoms around the outside.
Rosie Jones: You know what tho, that souns great. Anything to make it crispier. You did that to spite me.
Ed Gamble: Yes I did.
Rosie Jones: So actually, yes please Edward. That sounds lovely.
James Acaster: This is the menu, the only menu that we've ever had where I don't want to like it, but I like it a lot. And a hot scotch egg with a runny yolk in it. Yeah, we've two types of meat in the, I mean, this is great. I would personally choose you know, pork and probably black pudding. I would like as my two types of meat. What would you have?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Rosie Jones: Thats what i'd have. The black pudding and the pork. Oh. You're both thinking about it. Yeah, Pork, black pudding, runny yolk, poppadoms on the outside.
Ed Gamble: I love posh scotch eggs, like proper big, posh scotch eggs with runny middles. So good. When I was first properly getting into food. Like I was just discovering restaurants and all excited about it. I went to meet my friend at a restaurant called the Harward Arms. It's like a gastropub and he was half an hour late and I was really angry about it. And then the man the waiter came over and went. While you're waiting we do scotch eggs, we're quite famous for scotch eggs. Would you like a scotch egg with a drink? And I had a big scotch egg and a pint of lager, and the evening went down hill when my friend arrived. I've never been happier than I was with that scotch egg and a pint of lager.
James Acaster: Now Rosie, I can tell you what crips, I've got you. Or have actually got them right here. So what I could do, little game. I could turn my camera off. And I could crunch the crisp and you can guess from the sound what crisp is.
Rosie Jones: Ahahahaha
Ed Gamble: Never been happier. Never seen her happier than this.
Rosie Jones: I love games, so actually if you can play games with me throughout the meal, that would be lovely.
James Acaster: Here we go. Putting my camera off. You can't see me. That's the sound of the bag, here we go. A single crisp *crunching sounds*. Ooo very nice.
Ed Gamble: I think this is what people imagine Off Menu is, if they've not heard it.
James Acaster: I'll be very impressed if you get this Rosie, I put my camera back on now.
Rosie Jones: I think it was a big crunch, But not just that. I think it was a thick crunch. So I'm gonna say, monster munch.
James Acaster: Interesting. Ed?
Ed Gamble: I was honestly gonna say Monster Munch as well. I think that's what it sounded like to me. But then also I thought why didn't, Why hasn't Rosie said monstermunch yet? Why is that not on a revolving table? So I'm also going to go with monstermunch.
James Acaster: Okay, if you're listening at home, now's your time to pause the podcast make a guess yourself. The answer is pop chips.
Rosie Jones: Ohhhhhhhhh.
Ed Gamble: Pops chips. You know I should have I should have known that was pop chips Rosie because I was also sent some pop chips.
Rosie Jones: Buty actually, you've reminded us of monster munch. So i'll keep the pop chips, but can you also go an get me some pickled onion monster munch.
James Acaster:
It is the best flavour of monstermunch. Still to this day.
Rosie Jones: Yeah. I do like the hot one. But beef, no.
James Acaster: No, beef stinks. When Ed was a little boy. The only monstermunch he could ask for was the hot one, wasn't it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Hot, hot, hot. I actually, can I just say, I don't think I'm giving myself enough credit when I was a small boy. Hot was my first word. Yeah. But I was actually, I was very developed in my language skills. But I took a long time to get control of my bladder and butt. So my mum always says, to sum me up as a child, I could stand at the bottom of the garden and say Mother I appear to have done a poo in my pants.
James Acaster: We come to Rosie Jones's dream drink.
Rosie Jones: So I think right now I've been there for about seven hours. So i'm flagging a little bit because i'm tired of moving the table around. Shall I? So i'm going to have a little pep up. I'm having an espresso martini.
Ed Gamble: Yes. If anyone needs an espresso Martini less. It's you Rosie. Honestly, if I walk into - I mean, this is a long time ago now - given where we are in the world. But if I walk into a bar and I see Rosie Jones there, it's the most energetic person I could possibly expect to see. Just like the atmosphere changes. Rosies screaming, she's coming over. She's shouting in your face. She's excited to see you. You are an espresso. You are a replacement for an espresso Martini for me. The idea of you having an espresso Martini, surely everyone else in the bar ends up dead.
Rosie Jones: Well actually, I just enjoy it. Energy wise it doesnt change anything cos I can't get higher.
Rosie Jones: I've honestly been on a night out and had about 10 espresso martinis. Gone home, slept like a baby.
James Acaster: How?
Rosie Jones: I don't know Jim-bob
Ed Gamble:
I'm sort of the same with coffee really? I could probably buy, I could probably only do like three espresso martinism just because they were too swee really. Yeah, it doesn't really affect my energy levels or or or sleep or anything. Does it you James?
James Acaster: Affects me. For years Rosie, I didn't have caffeine in my diet at all, and I cut it out of my diet. And then I started like drinking diet cokes and stuff like that again, which tasted like real coke when I started drinking it again. And it was very weird, actually. But every now and again, I do have a coffee or something like that if I feel like I need one. And I really do struggle to get to sleep. Later on in the day. Yeah, it really rarely affects me. And once, the last like meal out I had was just before, so early 2020 and me and some friends went to Copenhagen to go to Noma. It was a very, very special meal. And at the end, they gave us some like cold brew coffee kombucha that had a bit of booze in it. And it was so good. And I just kept on drinking them because it was like one of the nicest drinks I've ever had. And I did not sleep a wink. I was alarmed at how much it affected me. I felt like I'd never sleep again.
Ed Gamble: And you haven't.
James Acaster: And actually also, this year, all during lockdown and stuff like that. Anytime I've had a little bit too much cherry Pepsi Max, or anything like that. I can't sleep at night.
Ed Gamble: Everyone elses lockdown has been like, oh I think I'm eating too much or think I'm drinking too much booze at home. There's sort of no way of distinguishing between the weekdays and the weekends. James is like, I'm having too much Pepsi Max. I can't sleep any more, i'm having too much pepsi max. My mum's not here telling me to put the bottle down.
James Acaster: I don't speak like that, do I Rosie?
Rosie Jones: Yeah.
James Acaster: So I've never ever had an espresso Martini.
Ed Gamble: Oh mate. Don't cos that is a road you can't go down because they are absolutely delicious. That truly delicious. Yeah.
James Acaster: We arrive at your dessert. You've kind of put my mind at ease already by saying you know, you're not gonna have the cheese and biscuits. You had some cheese earlier you Manchego
James Acaster: You had the cheese earlier, so I'm happy because you've had cheese and James is happy because it's not going to be in the dessert.
James Acaster: Yeah. Oh, we should have given you another packet of crisps before your dessert.
Ed Gamble: I've got a suggestion James. Or have you got one in the chamber?
James Acaster: No, I haven't really I was struggling.
Ed Gamble: Okay, he'res. Here's one that's not been mentioned. I think it fulfils what you like with strong flavours Rosie but I don't know if you'd like this particular flavour. Nice and spicy NikNaks?
Rosie Jones: Yeah, yeah. I mentioned rib NikNaks earlier. I think they're my favourite but Nice n' Spicy. Yes please. Scampi, No.
Ed Gamble: That was the most aggressive flavour though. It was like lemon and scampi wasn't it? It was really full on.
Rosie Jones: I mean, I love a Nik Nak but them flavours are bat shit.
James Acaster: I had lemon scampi NikNaks at a kids birthday party when I was also a kid, and I ate so much of them, because I thought they were so delicious, and then a puked. And it was so bad, the most worst puke ever. So much regret. You've had your hot n' spicy NikNaks. Now we come to the dessert
Rosie Jones: I'm really worried. Because am I moving away from my table? Absolutly not. I just want sweets.
James Acaster: Sweets.
Ed Gamble: Just some sweets.
James Acaster:
Some sweets, please.
Rosie Jones: A bunch on Moams, some jelly babies, some jelly beans, some dolly mixture, some strwberry laces, some rainbow pencils. I want a few chocolate things in there. So I want buttons, and Revels, and milk buttons, and keep the pretzles and i'll add some chocolate pretzles. I wan't white mice and I want them all in individual bowls and I want to dip in and out.
Ed Gamble: Stop doing that gesture like it's not the 50th time you've done it in the last hour, Rosie. We know. We know you want lots of bowls and that you want to dip in and out. This is essentially you pretending to be an octopus for 12 hours while you're in a restaurant.
James Acaster: Well, those are all very good, sweets.
Ed Gamble: They're not, they're not. The white mice are an absolute abomination. They ruin this whole meal for me if you're having those white mice.
James Acaster: No, here's the thing, Rosie, I was about to bring up the exact same thing. So, you know, we were both there thinking when you started saying, I'll have some - and I bet Ed went through this as well - you went, I'll have some chocolate and we both thought in our heads, because you are going like quite picking mixy up until that point, it immediately made me think of chocolate mice and I thought, well she won't choose that. And then it'll be a subject that we'll bring up afterwards. We'll say, and Rosie How do you feel about chocolate mice? And she'll say she hates them because everyone does and then we can talk about that so I think we're both very surprised.
Rosie Jones: I do recognise that it is shit chocolate. I do get that, but thats why I like it. It's your childhood in a little mouse.
James Acaster: It's your childhood in a little mouse.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you realise how ridiculous that was halfway through saying the word mouse there. You go, I've got to finish it. Here we go, it's your childhood in a little mouse.
Ed Gamble: See I'm not a sweet, I'm a big chocolate guy. I'm not a sweets guy. Mainly because as a type one diabetic what you've basically done there is picked an entire circular table full of what I might need in an emergency. You can save my life with this meal Rosie, but I don't want to sit down and enjoy it.
James Acaster: I'm the same now, because I think when I was a kid I really over did sweets. I wasn't that into chocolate but I'll go to the, there was a corner shop and also tuck shop after cubs. And at both of those I went absolutely mad, just buying so much sweets. Like with my pocket money for my parents I remember when it went up to two pounds. And my first question was, Am I allowed to spend all of this on sweets? And they said yes. This is the best, this is like 200 sweets from the shop. And also as soon as I learned the guy couldn't be bothered to count them all. I was like, well obviously this is now the best day of my life. 500 sweets in the corner shop.
Rosie Jones: It's so great.
James Acaster: What was your shop growing up, that you get all your sweets from.
Rosie Jones: I didn't have a corner shop near me. I remember every Saturday, we did the big shop at Safeway and I do not know why, but me and my Brother would play a game with juice lemon. You know the lemon juice that look like a lemon?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Rosie Jones: We had to put it into the shopping trolly, without my dad seeing. And then the game would be to get it out without Dad noticing. We would never steal it, but it would be a case of, when he was paying, you needed to strategically hide it on the conveyer belt. And then when that person beeped it through, you needed to quickly put it in the bad without him knowing. And every saturday without fail, he would be unpacking, then pick the lemon up and go, I don't remember.
Ed Gamble: Just adding it to a pile of lemons.
Rosie Jones: We must have done it for about two years. And he never ever questioned us.
James Acaster: I'm gonna read your order back to you now Rosie, and we'll see how you feel about it.
Ed Gamble: Benito has just sent through the menu to our whatsapp group so James can read it out and let me tell you it's gonna take five full minutes, James.
James Acaster: Yeah. Water, tap. Poppadoms or Bread, poppadoms with mango chutney, rita and the red one. Starter, three hours of crisps; twiglets Pringles, bacon rashers, onion rings, salt and vinegar sticks, peanuts, cashew nuts, cheese straws, hula hoops, doritos (every flavour), NikNaks, only barbecue rib flavour, crimpy mini cheddars, pretzels, Wotsits quavers,brackets cheese, Space Raiders. All in separate bowls plus surprise snacks every 20 minutes.
Ed Gamble: Thats the starter.
James Acaster: Yeah. Main course, tapas, every dish; patatas bravas, little bit of bread with tomato, lots of seafood, octopus, sardines, meatballs, chorizo. All the hams, all the cheeses, mushroom croquettas. Afterwards, surprise salt and vinegar discos. Side dish, pork and black pudding scotch egg, hot with poppadom breadding. And surprise pop chips and pickled onion monstermunch. Drink, espresso Martini, plus a surprise; nice and spicy NikNaks. Dessert, some sweets. Moams, jelly babies, jelly beans, Dolly mixtures, strawberry laces, Rainbow pencils, chocolate buttons, revels, chocolate pretzels, white chocolate mice, childhood in a little mouse. Separate bowls for all of them yet again. How do you feel about that when I read that back to you?
Rosie Jones: I could not be happier.
Ed Gamble: I'm glad someone is.
Rosie Jones: I've nailed it. Theres no need to do another episode.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much Rosie. Thank you Rosie.
Rosie Jones: Oh, thank you and I am so happy.
Ed Gamble: Well, quite the menu there from Rosie. And when I say menu, I do of course mean the entire contents of a small shop.
James Acaster: Yes, fair enough. Dream meal, have a rotating table and have everything on it. Please.
Ed Gamble:
I tried to challenge her on it. I tried to be mean to her about it. But she was genuine about that menu. Her eyes genuinely looked quite upset when I when I said that it was rubbish and I don't like sweet. She was like, but this is my dream menu. This is my dream.
James Acaster: Yes. And she was so respectful to you about your choice of crisps, so the least you could do was to return the respect.
Ed Gamble: Exactly. That's true. She's a very respectful lady who did not say rosewater.
James Acaster: Phew. And we decided against kicking her out just for saying any sort of water at the start.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, no, that seemed wrong. That seemed wrong but I kind of wish we had kicked her out to be honest. Of course. If it turns out they do make a rose Moam she is out on her rear.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, so you know, TBC.
Ed Gamble: Oh, by the way, the secret ingredient this week, the rosewater was suggested on Twitter by Cam Dearnes so thank you. Thank you for that Cam. If you want to suggest a secret ingredient, something that you don't like that you think should be a secret ingredient in the restaurant.Tweet us @offmenuofficial.
James Acaster: Tes please cuz we cannot think of any more.
Ed Gamble: Yes, we've run out of ideas. Initially we put the put the question out, can you tell us some secret ingredients and I'd say 80% of the tweets we got - and there are a lot of them -were all things we'd done previously.
James Acaster: There you go. Hopefully sweet chilli sauce came up a lot, the most controversial one we've ever done, but I stand by it.
Ed Gamble: No I stand by it as well. Absolutely horrible, horrible, horrible stuff. Oh, I'll have a big pile of glue please. No thank you.
James Acaster:
It just tastes like the worst type of sugar and put that on your food.
Ed Gamble: And that's James Acaster saying that, can you imagine something sweet he doesn't like. It must be horrible.
James Acaster: Exactly, that's like Winnie the Pooh turning down some honey.
Ed Gamble: Rosie has lots of stuff going on. Like I say she's written a children's book. She's also done a TV show, which I think you've been on, haven't you James?
James Acaster: Mission Accessible, where Rosie Jones travels the UK to find the most accessible places, tourist attractions, events, everything that you could do. She had me on one of the episodes, and she left me in a cave.
Ed Gamble: Yes, she treats us like absolute shit, doesn't she?
James Acaster: She treated me so badly. I just can't believe we got on this podcast, actually
Ed Gamble: We're such good friends to her and then she comes on this podcast, and she left you in a cave. And she's mean about my crisps. earlier. Equal equal sadness.
James Acaster: Yeah, sure. I'll go for that equal sadness.
Ed Gamble: So go and check that out. Check out Daddy, look at me the podcast she does with a very funny Helen Bauer.
James Acaster: Before we go, I'd like to say thank you to Native At Home, who sent me a lovely cook at home food box. That I'm going to eat tonight. So I'm very much looking forward to our cook at home meal. And also a little promo. If you go to my website, jamesacaster.com. You'll now be able to find my latest show. Well, latest show. I filmed it in 2019. But we've been able to release it finally it's on jamesacaster.com. Cold lasagne hate myself 1999. You can go and buy the show there. And also there's a little bonus show called make a new tomorrow that goes along with it. I think it's a tenner for all of it. Which is like two hours and 45 minutes of comedy.
Ed Gamble: Not worth it. Not worth it at all. Seen it.
James Acaster: Not worth it. Oh, hold on a second. I just went along with what Ed was. Worth it.
Ed Gamble: Do get it. It's very good. Shout out to Dinings SW3 who sent me an amazing duck udon kit, which is very exciting. It was the susuru by Masaki duck udon noodles, which I think they're releasing as a sort of limited edition thing. And I can't wait to have it.
James Acaster: Also Ed, we have been sent quite a few cook at home boxes lately. And I really loved the bagel box from the good egg. Delicious.
Ed Gamble: Man, that was so good. I absolutely love that. Check out the Good Egg for all your bagel and babka needs, which should be high. My babka needs are now high.
James Acaster: I've got a big load of babka. I'm looking at it right now. It's on the sofa.
Ed Gamble: It's on the sofa?
James Acaster: Yeah, just sitting on the sofa on it's box, big box a babka. Also, thank you to Black Bear burgers for sending me some lovely burgers. Delicious.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much for listening to me, Ed Gamble and little whinny over there. We will see you again sometime soon. Goodbye.
James Acaster: Goodbye.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast where we take the finest chat meat and smoke it with the wood of fun over an hour and then create the most wonderful tender podcast available. Hello James.
James Acaster: Hello Ed. I heard a little bit of - your confidence wavered half way through that.
Ed Gamble: Yes.
James Acaster: But you brought it home.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it was. It was towards the end I hadn't worked out what it was making, and then I realised podcast, isn't it? And then and then I said wonderful tender podcast, which doesn't I mean, none of it made sense, but sort of tender podcast was really, really the bottom of the barrel there.
James Acaster: Not many people describe this podcast is tender, but I wish they would.
Ed Gamble: Yes, exactly. Sorry. And hello.
James Acaster: It's a podcast where we're in the dream restaurant, we invite in a guest and we ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert and side dish and drink. And this weeks guest is.
Ed Gamble: That was really good James. I'm sorry to interrupt your flow, but you did it all in the right order and you did it quickly. And it was great. Well done.
James Acaster: I think I did it in the wrong order. But I did do it quickly.
Ed Gamble: It was really good. Well, anyway, it was so slick. I didn't notice it was in the wrong order.
James Acaster: Thank you Ed. I was trying to do it as tenderly as possible.
Ed Gamble: Ooh, I like it. Our special guest this week is Thanyia Moore. Thanyia Moore, a wonderful comedian. She's been on loads of stuff. She's very funny.
James Acaster: She's been on Mock The Week. She's been on Dane Baptist's Bamous. She's been a Mo Gilligan's Black, British and Funny. You got to go and watch all of her stuff. She's fantastic. We've now got an the dream restaurant. We can't wait to hear what she's going to choose.
Ed Gamble: I'm very excited to have her in the dream restaurant. Although, as always there is a secret ingredient. If she says it, she's gone. She's out of here. We don't care how funny she is. She's gone.
James Acaster: Sorry.
Ed Gamble: And the secret ingredient this week is Dark Fruits cider. This was suggested by a listener. I'm not really a Dark Fruits cider, slash cider guy at all really.
James Acaster: No, you know, I don't drink much cider. Generally speaking, but when the Dark Fruits cider comes out, or any of the fruit ciders came out, I was like, I bet this would be like my street. I've got a sweet tooth. Disgusting.
Ed Gamble: Really? Because I would say any cider, they do like weird like salted caramel ciders and stuff. And I would have thought, that's, that so up you're street.
James Acaster: Too sickly man. I got a sweet tooth, not a sickly tooth.
Ed Gamble: That was just by Joe Bleasdale on Twitter. Thank you very much, Joe. Wonderful suggestion.
James Acaster: Bleasdale. Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble: If you would like to suggest a secret ingredient...
James Acaster: Ed, try and say that, it's really fun to say Bleasdale like that.
Ed Gamble: If you make a suggestion on Twitter, you too can have your name, shouted in a sort of football chant by James. Bleasdale.
James Acaster: Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble: It's a lot of fun.
James Acaster: It does feel nice to say it like that. I bet Bleasdale has done that himself.
Ed Gamble: Bleasdale is over the moon with that.
James Acaster: He said that in the past. I bet he's like oh, yeah, they're doing what I do when I say my name, Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble: What you think in like a sort of scenario where everyone's like, Who's here? who's in the room? Bleasdale. He does it to himself?
James Acaster: And then like Yeah, yes. or other people shouting that to him across the street, Bleasdale. It feels good to say.
Ed Gamble: It does feel good. Well, thank you Bleasdale. Like I say, if you've got your own secret ingredient @offmenuofficial on Twitter is the place to go. But now, let's hear the Off Menu menu of Thanyia Moore.
Ed Gamble: Tanya, welcome to the dream restaurants.
Thanyia Moore: Thank you. Thanks for having me,.
James Acaster: Welcome to the dream resturant. We've been expecting you for some time.
Ed Gamble:
There's the genie, welcoming you. What a wonderful welcome now Genie. I've got to say.
James Acaster: Quite a good sound. One of my better sound effects this week.
Ed Gamble: I was Yeah, I was just thinking because Thanyia, I mean, you should feel privileged really, because quite often it's a bit of a damp squib. A bit of a light squirt from the from the from the lamp there.
James Acaster: What!
Ed Gamble: Are you offended by that, James?
James Acaster: Well you've never said that before.
Ed Gamble: Well, because I don't want to do you down at the beginning of the episode.
James Acaster: You've never said it on and episode or off an episode to me. That's never been.
Ed Gamble: But you've nailed it now.
James Acaster: I did think it was good. I thought that was quite a good.
Ed Gamble: Exactly. So let's focus on that.
James Acaster: Yeah, for the actual sound was good.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, sorry Thanyia. I didn't mean this to be an argument straightaway. I was trying to compliment. This is what happens when you try and compliment James.
James Acaster: He was negging me, wasn't he? Tania, you'll back me up on this. He was negging me there.
Thanyia Moore:
I just arrived, how we doing? What did I miss?.
James Acaster: Oh you missed the negging. He came up to me. And he was like, Oh, well done. Usually you're rubbish.
Ed Gamble: Oh no, I didn't say that.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Sorry Thanyia. Welcome to the dream restaurant. This is your dream meal. You don't need to be hearing hearing us bickering. Are you a foodie? Do you enjoy food? massive
Thanyia Moore: Massive foodie, I love food. My mum is a chef, my best my best friend's a chef. And we eat lots of different foods, all kinds of foods.
Ed Gamble: Your mum's a chef?
Thanyia Moore: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: We have not we had no idea, that's not what we booked you for this but this is great. I love it. Tell me more about your mum as a chef and what what she cooks, what's her best dishes. Tell me everything.
Thanyia Moore: Well she cooks everything. So growing up, we used to celebrate all of the national dishes. So like Chinese New Year and all the kinds, so we woulds eat all the different types of foods and just travel in the kitchen really, and I, even after all the that, my favourite meal my mum makes is a cottage pie, it's just really bloody good.
James Acaster: Whats her secret? What makes it edge all the other cottage pies?
Thanyia Moore: It's just it's the right amount of everything, the right amount of potato, to the mince ratio. There's a little bit of cheese in the potato and then it's on top as well with the right amount of crust. The potatoes still soft and fluffy. And then the mints is rich and the gravy is rich and then you got the veg. It's just righ, it's right.
Ed Gamble: Now straight away, I know it's gonna be a good food episode. Because that was a great description of cottage pie there, by Thanyia. Now I don't know, i'm not normally a cottage pie guy. I find it a bit bland, like there's a place for it sometimes but the way she just described cottage pie, I was like, I think I might like cottage pie.
James Acaster: In cookery class in school. I made a cottage pie really early, well. Early doors one of our lessons - and my mom was absolutely appalled by this - one of the first lessons in our cookery class was ready meals, they just made us go out and buy a ready meal bring it in and microwave it, and that was a lesson one in my cookery class. So like yeah, lesson one, and I went out and I bought a cottage pie. I microwaved it and ate it and was really really salty.
Ed Gamble: That's miserable. The curriculum the first lesson in a cookery class is, just don't do any cooking then. Call for takeaways the next lesson.
Thanyia Moore: Is that school? Did you go to an actual building or someones house?
James Acaster: My mum was appaled. I came back and really proudly told her I made a cottage pie in school. She was like, right, tell me how you made it. You open the microwave, your peirce the film lid, that's very important. Yes, she was not happy.
Ed Gamble: We don't have a microwave, we've moved like about 18 months ago and there's no microwave here and there's no room for microwave so, it's weird. I don't miss it and I certainly don't miss piercing the film lid.
Thanyia Moore: I think that's a good thing tho, not having a microwave because it means everything you eat will be fresh, right?
Ed Gamble: Well you would have thought so, I still managed to eat some absolutely miserable shit.
Thanyia Moore: Like what?
James Acaster: Life finds a way Thanyia, Life finds a way with this guy. Why don't you miss peircing the film lid? Bap, bap, bap. I love it.
Ed Gamble: I don't know, it just feels like just so bleak and depressing.
James Acaster: Do you like peircing the film lid?
Thanyia Moore: Sometimes I do.
Ed Gamble: Take us through, when do you like peircing the film lid?
Thanyia Moore: You have to get a, you can't get a budget, you have to go for the premium range. And I like getting like an Indian from there sometime. I think it tastes All right. Once you season it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. So you're are you adding stuff to the microwave meal. What you put, so you're getting you're getting microwave curry, you're peircing the film lid.
Thanyia Moore: You open it, you open it you don't pierce it at this point is savagery. You just take it off you season it you put a bit of, you've got to mix it in though. Season it a little bit and then you put it in, take it out halfway, taste it, make sure you put enough season in. If not, that's your opportunity. Put it back in, let it finish.
Ed Gamble: I mean at this point Thanyia, why don't you just cook a curry?
James Acaster: If that if that was my cookery class lesson my mum would have been happy. This was my cookery lesson mum. I peeled back the film lid, I seasoned it, I mixed it up, I put it in.
Ed Gamble: I added some extra potatoes, some extra meat.
Thanyia Moore: I hate you for that.
Ed Gamble: What seasoning are you putting in a microwave curry?
Thanyia Moore:
It depends on what curry you get. But it's normally just a bit of salt. Sometimes theres a salt that you get - see I only know this because my flatmates a chef. So the salt that you get that goes with everything but it's not just salt. It's got different seasoning in it. And it's, I wish I knew what was in it. I just know you can put it on literally anything. She puts it on pizza.
Ed Gamble: Like James says, ready males tend to be quite salty anyway. The idea of you being like, let's add a shitload more salt to this microwave curry. You must just feel so dry all of the time. Just chugging pints of water. Why I'm so thirsty?
James Acaster: I've really got into garlic pepper.
Ed Gamble: Good stuff.
James Acaster: What a game changer. Sometimes I don't want to chop up garlic and the recipe says I've got to pepper it.
Ed Gamble: I'm completely with you. Love garlic granules, always have a pot of garlic granules. I go through that stuff. If I'm just, If I want a boring lunch, just whack a bit of chicken breast in the oven, garlic granules, chilli powder, cake it ins stuff and whack it in. But garlic granules are the way forward.
James Acaster: Absolutely.
Thanyia Moore: The best way to use garlic granules is if you put like a little bit of butter in the pan a little bit of garlic granules. So you got this great garlic butter that you can fry like everything in. Salmon, chicken breast.
Ed Gamble: Add that to a microwave curry.
Thanyia Moore: I hate you.
James Acaster: This is the quickest that any guest has hated Ed.
Ed Gamble: Yes, normally. Normally it takes at least half an hour, but I've really not let the microwave curry thing go. So fair enough.
James Acaster: Normally, normally the episodes starts with me doing the sound effect and the guest thinks, right he's the knobhead in this duo, I really got to keep an eye on him, and then halfway through the episode they realise Ed's actually the worst.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, Ed's it's the worst one.
James Acaster: You very quickly identified that Ed's the worst.
Thanyia Moore: I don't know if he is the worst. I hate him right now. I'm definitely going with you're the knobhead.
James Acaster: Still can't take that from me Gamble.
Ed Gamble: Oh, man. Now I want to be the knobhead.
James Acaster: When you peirce the film lid, would you prefer to use a knife or a fork?
Thanyia Moore: Has to be a fork?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, cuz you're trying to make little holes in it right? With a knife, what you're doing is you're just punching a big hole in it.
Thanyia Moore: But also with a fork. You get in like four in one in one step. A knife you're just hitting it once.
James Acaster: I agree with you. But I've met I've met knife people before.
Ed Gamble: No, come on.
Thanyia Moore: Gosh,
James Acaster:
I've met people who knife the film lid, I've met these people. I've seen them do it.
Thanyia Moore: Savage of it. I bet they're the ones that stand on the left on the tube.
James Acaster: Yeah, probably are actually.,
James Acaster: Well actually, I'll tell you who I'm talking about specifically. And we don't do many ready meals in this flat. But the other day, my girlfriend put a ready meal in the microwave. And it dinged so I got it out for her, and I was like, Man, this was a close call. You're lucky that I got to it when I did, cuz you've not pireced the film lid. She was like, yeah I have, have a closer look. And I looked, and there was tiny little slits in it because she used a knife.
Ed Gamble: Oh, man.
James Acaster: Couldn't believe my eyes, and I didn't want to start an argument. These are lockdown times. You know what, uh, you know
Thanyia Moore: how long you've been together?
James Acaster: Two years.
James Acaster: Ugh, It's too late now. It's too late to back out.
Thanyia Moore: And you didn't know that?!
James Acaster: Like I say, ready meals are very rare around here. But I couldn't believe my eyes. I was like, you knifed the film lid.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Well, the thing is now it's too late to back out the relationship based on that. Yes. First six months. If you find that out. I think you can go look, you're a knifer, I'm a forker.
James Acaster:
Yes. Yes. I guess I could steadily get rid of all the knives from the house. So she hasn't got a choice next time. But what if she spoons it?
Ed Gamble: Oh, she'll spoon it and then you get rid of the spoons and she'll start using a finger. Yeah, the way these people are like,
James Acaster: Thanyia, you wake up one day, all you've got is ready meals. You can't leave the house. You've got to eat ready meals. You look in the cutlery draw, there's no knives, no forks.
Ed Gamble: Let's take the spoons away as well.
James Acaster: So of all the other types of cutlery, all the other things. What are you gonna use to pierce the film lid?
Thanyia Moore: You know, the thing that you stab the meat with and it's got two forks that, right?
Ed Gamble: Great, yeah.
Thanyia Moore: That thing
Ed Gamble: I don't know what that's called either.
Thanyia Moore: No. It stabs the meat but it's got two bits at the end that you just, uh uh, uh. Yeah, yeah. Two stabs at once. And you still got little holes. And it's not knife.
James Acaster: Not a knife. Not a fork. It's mainly just to steady stuff. It's to pin down the meat. Ed?
Ed Gamble: Key, I'd use a key.
James Acaster: Well thats not cutlery, is it? Ed's cheating there.
Thanyia Moore: Unhygenic as well.
Ed Gamble: Where do you think I'm putting my keys? My locks aren't dirty. Thank you.
Thanyia Moore: Your keys drop on the floor babe.
Ed Gamble: Mine don't, I keep good hold in my key, thank you Thanyia.
James Acaster: Rattling around in your pocket.
Ed Gamble: I keep them on a little, I don't have them in my pocket. I keep them on a carabiner on my belt loop. Yeah.
James Acaster: A carabiner? Where's your house? At the top of a mountain.
Ed Gamble: I put them, I clip them on my belt loop. Because when I was in Japan, all the cool dads did that. So I wanted to copy the cool dads. They all wear great jeans and their keys on carabiners, like a janitor.
Thanyia Moore: You're a cool dad.
Ed Gamble: Well I'm not, I'm not a dad. I'm cool.
Thanyia Moore: No, You're a cool Dad.
Ed Gamble: Oh, right.
James Acaster: We always start the podcast was still or sparkling water. That looks like some still water unless my eyes decieve me.
Thanyia Moore: I start water for a meal, definitely, always. Cleanse the palate. So they say.
Ed Gamble:
and it's always still?It's always still Oh,
Thanyia Moore: It's always still, or I tend to go with a warm lemon water.
James Acaster: Oh, hello.
Ed Gamble: You seem quite straightforward about this. You're like it's warm lemon water. That must be a reason for this. You went really serious there Thanyia, I don't know if you realise, you went really serious there. You've been very light hearted so far. And you said warm lemon water. And you looked at us like, fucking bring it on if you want to make fun of my warm lemon water.
James Acaster: And we could. We could make that ,easy. Heres what i'm gonna say, this is my way of making fun of it. Oh, how did you discover you like that? That did they bring it out in a bowl after you had some ribs and you drank it all down? Because normally that's the, they normally, they bring it out to clean your fingers, right? Warm lemon water.
Thanyia Moore: With my mum being a chef. I would know that, Knobhead.
James Acaster: Well, you know, when I said it you, either laughed or got angry and I thought well, I really hammer this home. If I'm gonna get a reaction.
Thanyia Moore: So all lemon water to just like cleanse your mouth a bit. Get ready to taste some good, some good flavours.
Ed Gamble: So it's just like it's just a cleansing thing, it's to create a blank canvas for a flavour painting. I love this.
Thanyia Moore: Just ready to go.
James Acaster: How much lemon you're putting in there?
Thanyia Moore: Half.
James Acaster:
Now half a lemon or half a glass?
Thanyia Moore: Half a lemon into the cup, you mug.
Ed Gamble: Into a cup you mug. Not into a mug you cup.
Thanyia Moore: Yeah, down that and then get ready for you starter, there's always a starter
James Acaster: Ed's gonna be happy immediately there.
Ed Gamble: That's what I like to hear. I'm a starter boy. I absolutely love it. There is always a starter when I go out, when I go out to eat as well. Sometimes many starters and not even a discernible main. I'll just keep ordering starters. Thats the way to go. It makes sense.
James Acaster: A bit too much nodding going on there for my liking. I'm not keen on this starter talk. Here's the thing. I want to talk more about the warm lemon water and I know you think why would they possibly want to talk about that still, but we've never had somebody say warm lemon water before.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, normally it's just still a sparkling and we've never had warm water, I don't think.
James Acaster: No
Ed Gamble: And certainly not warm lemon water.
James Acaster: What temperature are you talking here?
Thanyia Moore: Okay, so I'm really particular with it because I go, two thirds for hot and then the last third cold.
Ed Gamble: So to get the warm water you go two thirds boiling hot and then 1/3 cold water.
Thanyia Moore: Yeah, really cold. Sometimes put into cubes of ice.
James Acaster: Hold on a second. I can't tell if thats a joke or not.
Thanyia Moore: I really really am not joking. I've been so serious.
James Acaster: So to make warm water, you mix boil boiling hot water and ice? Is that what you're doing?
Thanyia Moore: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Now, there might be another way of doing it.
Ed Gamble: So to get the lemon, you're getting a lime and a yellow felt tip.
Thanyia Moore: I hate you.
Ed Gamble: Still hate me. You're still a knobhead tho.
James Acaster: Poppadoms or bread. Poppadoms, or bread Thanyia Moore, poppadoms or bread?
Thanyia Moore: Naan bread or just bread?
James Acaster: Any bread you like, any bread in the whole world.
Thanyia Moore: Oh, thats hard.
James Acaster: This is like pre meal and you can have anything to accompany it that you want.
Thanyia Moore: Pre meal, definitely poppadoms with the with the onion salad and mango chutney slash that into a sandwich, poppadom sandwich, you're good to go.
Ed Gamble: Poppadom sandwich? So using two poppadoms and putting all the stuff in the middle?
Thanyia Moore: We break it off, don't you, and then you just get a bit and you put some onion and some mango, put poppadom on top. It's the best thing, it's great.
Ed Gamble: I don't think I've ever done the sandwich. I think I would always put it on like a pizza and then and then do that.
Thanyia Moore: You're missing out, you're getting that extra crunch, telling ya, It's gotta be a sandwich
James Acaster: I would be scared that it would all like, that I'd bite into it and it would all just disintegrate in my hand but the rest of it wouldn't hold together.
Thanyia Moore: No you got to break it off and just put it since - you just break off a bit because you know it will fall apart. Break a bit off put some onion, put some mango, break off another bit put that on top put that in your mouth
Ed Gamble: Bite size
Thanyia Moore: Basically.
James Acaster: So you're not doing it like a taco?
Thanyia Moore: Oh god no.
Ed Gamble: Or like two whole poppadoms.
Thanyia Moore: No.
Ed Gamble: Like massive.
Ed Gamble: No, I'm not like that.
Ed Gamble: Well look, if you were in your own home and no one else was there, would you would you do the whole poppadom?
Thanyia Moore: No
Ed Gamble: Why not?
Thanyia Moore: That's messy, first of all, then I gotta clean up.
Ed Gamble: No, in the bath, eat it in the bath.
Thanyia Moore: What!
Ed Gamble: Get in the bath with poppadoms. You get one of those bath tables, you know that go across the bath. You can lay out all the poppadom stuff on there. That sounds great. I'm gonna do that.
James Acaster: No, you're not.
Thanyia Moore: please record it.
Ed Gamble: I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna records it as an episode of this podcast, a video of me eating a poppadom sandwich in the bath.
James Acaster: Well, I mean, Ed. Yes. You know what our listeners are like. That's not going away now. Now you've said that. You won't stop getting tweets about that until you do it.
Ed Gamble: Well, I won't have time to get Tweets about it, because I'll release it before this episode comes out.
James Acaster:
You're gonna do it immediately. Poppadoms in the bath; film yourself eating it. Poppadom sandwich in the bath.
Thanyia Moore: I'm going to be refreshing the page.
Ed Gamble: And I'm gonna be refreshing myself.
James Acaster: Disgusting. Thats gross.
Ed Gamble: What It wasn't gross, I'm having to wash. I'm allowed to have a wash.
James Acaster: Yeah, you said it in a way that sounded dirty.
Ed Gamble: And while I'm in there, i'll give my keys a little scrub as well.
James Acaster: A much needed scrub of that filth caribiner.
Ed Gamble: That's my wrestler name.
Thanyia Moore: Filthy carabiner.
James Acaster: Now we come to your starter.
Thanyia Moore: Always a starter. I found it hard to choose a starter today because there's so many that are great. But today's one is ackee and saltfish in a dumpling, in a fried dumpling. It's really nice. It's a savoury dumpling, you make it out of like flour and water and other seasonings. And then you put it into a ball, make it into a dough, sorry. And then you rip it off, put it into a ball, drop it into the oil for a bit and then when you take it out, it's golden on the outside, but fluffy on the inside. So when you open it up, it's like, you know when you make fresh bread and you just rip it open and you've got all the scents and it's all smoke and it's wonderful. And then you get the ackee and the saltfish. Ackee is is Jamaica's national dish. I'm Jamaican. And it's like grown from the earth. And then you pluck that from the tree. And then you have onions and peppers and other bits in there. And you fry that off lightly with some saltfish that you've steamed because you don't want it to be to salty, it ruins the meal. And then you put the ackee
in at the last minute because it's already really cooked, you only have to cook it for a little bit. Once that's done, you put that on the on the dumpling, magic.
James Acaster: That is a good food description.
Ed Gamble: I've had ackee and saltfish before. I really like it. Yeah, I'm still not 100% on what ackee is. Because texturally there's nothing like it right?
Thanyia Moore: Yes.
Ed Gamble: Is it a fruit?
Thanyia Moore: Yes.
Ed Gamble: But it's not like any fruit I've ever had before. Because it's sort, is it correct to say it's a bit it looks a bit like scrambled egg?
Thanyia Moore: Yeah, I would say that as well. Yeah,
Ed Gamble: I still don't really know what it is.
Thanyia Moore: No, I'll be honest with ya. I've just accepted it. It's ackee, thats what it is.
James Acaster: The only thing I have to contribute to the saltfish chat is that I had - and I think it's the same as what you're describing, is saltfish duplings once and I thought they were delicious. And it was when I lived near Brixton and, do you know Sikisa, Sikisa Botswick Barnes, the comedian? She lives round there as well. We were going home from a gig. And I'd just move there, she was saying, oh, there's loads of good places for Caribbean food round here. And I was like, Yeah, you've been to Rum Kitchen and she just laughed for ages. It was really embarrassing. This is why I hesitated saying Rum Kitchen to you ,because you have your head in your hands and I knew this was gonna happen. But then I thought I would bring it up, because I think it's a good good point of chat.
Thanyia Moore: I can't look at him anymore.
Thanyia Moore: Not Rum Kitchen.
Ed Gamble: James, Rum Kitchen, please. Some of us like to eat at the authentic places like Turtle Bay. Some of us like to eat the authentic dishes of the Caribbean like Jerk Halloumi at turtle bay.
Thanyia Moore: Man. Sorry, but yeah, you didn't have Caribbean food. It actually says Caribbean inspired. If you go to like Reflex or something like that. Yeah, that's Caribbean.
James Acaster: Is that the best in London? Do you reckon?
Thanyia Moore: No, but it's nice.
James Acaster: Where's the best in London? Or, anywhere you've been, to be fair, but like in England, or where people can go after this pandemic is over.
Thanyia Moore: I'll be honest, I don't really eat Caribbean food out because my mum makes it better.
Ed Gamble: So your mum, so we can all come to your mum's house after the pandemic.
Thanyia Moore: You could, she makes food still. She sells, yes she sells food. Because she does a lot of a lot of the offices' areas in the place they come to mum's house for lunch and they buy little five pound boxes comes with meat and a rice and a salad.
James Acaster: What the postcode?
Thanyia Moore: N1 2UA
James Acaster: Yes, I'll be there.
Thanyia Moore: I don't know what that is.
James Acaster: They're getting me rapping on the door. I'd like some saltfish dumplings, please.
Ed Gamble: Did you just riff a postcode there Tanya?
Thanyia Moore: Yeah, I live in South London.
Ed Gamble: N1 EUA did you say?
Thanyia Moore: 2UA
Ed Gamble: Here we go. That's upper Street.
Thanyia Moore: Oh, no.
James Acaster: This is a good game.
Thanyia Moore: Sorry Upper Street.
Ed Gamble: There we go. I think there's probably a Turtle Bay nearby there as well.
James Acaster: Right. Thanyia quick, riff another postcode now. Don't even think about it.
Thanyia Moore: Go W8 6LQ
Ed Gamble: We have a hit.
James Acaster: Right Thanyia, First of all, guess where it is.
Thanyia Moore:
Okay. I'm gonna go with Acton.
Ed Gamble: No, this is one of our famous guessing games that our producer the great Benito loves.
James Acaster: He hates these games.
Ed Gamble: It's quite posh. Oh, Fulham. No, not Fulham.
James Acaster: Notting Hill?
Ed Gamble: It's Kensington.
James Acaster: Now, next round, Thanyia. Guess the nearest restaurant or eatery to the postcode.
Thanyia Moore: Kensington, that could be anything from a small family cafe to an Italian so I'm going to go for the pizza express.
James Acaster: Thats quite a good bet. I'm gonna go for Nando's.
Ed Gamble: No, it is Italian. So I'm going to give it I'm going to give it to Thanyia. It's Sanpietro 4.5 stars on Google. Looks quite nice.
James Acaster: Well that was gonna be my next round, so thats that fun.
Ed Gamble: But very nearby. There is another Italian restaurant on Earls Court Road, read what that's called.
Thanyia Moore: Bistro Benito.
James Acaster: Bistro Benito. Oh my God. Oh my God it's like a Derran Brown trick.
Ed Gamble:
Birstro Benito.
James Acaster: Bistro Benito. I wonder what that place is like, go in there, they don't like doing guessing games Bistro Benito.
James Acaster: Your main course?
Thanyia Moore: See I grappled with this. Do I go meet after having fish or do I keep it fish because you know it changes the palette a bit. So I'm going to keep it fish. And I'm going to go for a seafood boil. Depends on what when you get, but you can have lobster you can have crab you can have shellfish. You can have shell prawn sorry. And you can have - and it comes with potatoes and little corn on the cobs. And in the sauce, the sauce is the main thing because it's like fish seasoning with lots of garlic and peppers and onions cooked down and it's like a medium thickness. So you can just slap it up. And I think that would be perfect.
Ed Gamble: Thanyia, you're speaking my language. All over lockdown. And this is going to blow your mind for coincidences, all over lockdown I've been getting a meal kit from a place called Decatur who do New Orleans shrimp boils that they deliver to your house. And I'm wearing a T shirt of them today.
Thanyia Moore: Oh my gosh, that is crazy.
Ed Gamble: Look at that.
Ed Gamble: I'm wearing the merch for seafood boils.
James Acaster: And i'm wearing a Bistro Benito T-shirt.
Ed Gamble: Is the best, it is the absolute best. I'd consider putting that in my dream menu, you know because the act of the boiling and then you tip it all out onto like newspaper and then just get stuck in and just get stuck in, just go for it. I think I'm thinking of buying a trough so I can just do a massive one outside and just eat a big pig.
Thanyia Moore: Do that in the bath.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that'll be the next course in the bath. I could do a whole menu in the bath.
Thanyia Moore: Just saying.
James Acaster: You filling up the bath and doing the boil in the bath.
Thanyia Moore: Sitting in the boil and eating it.
Ed Gamble: It's pretty spicy. I think that really hurt like my ass and knob and stuff. So I probably I'd probably have to do it across the table in a trough. Yeah, yeah.
James Acaster: You can you know, you can protect those. Protect the sensitive areas before going in.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I suppose so.
Thanyia Moore: Just pin it back. Yeah, exactly.
Ed Gamble: I just fling out the bath. And it's so spicy. You sort of go into like a zone. Like sometimes things are too hot in the mouth and you're like I can't eat any more of that. But when it's just the right level of spice, you sort of feel high, and you can keep going but you're just you're on it. You're on another level.
Thanyia Moore: I agree with all of that.
Ed Gamble: Absolutely love it.
James Acaster: What because you said you can have loads of different things in the boil, for your dream meal. What do you want in there?
Thanyia Moore: Crab legs. And prawns, king prawns with potatoes and sweet corns and lashings and lashings and lashings of sauce
Ed Gamble: and you want the sausage in there as well you can get sausage in there
Thanyia Moore: no sausage, no meat, it's fish boil - it ruins is.
Ed Gamble: No way you want the full meal in there, the potato the corn, the sausage, the prawns.
Thanyia Moore: sausage is savage
Ed Gamble: sausage is savage
James Acaster: Trouble in paradise. You two were on the same page for a while there, now sausage has divided you
Thanyia Moore: Always the way tho, innit.
James Acaster: What do you think, right? You know king prawns, let's just pretend for a while that the king prawns were civilization in their own right, if they have someone who's in charge what would they call that person that prawn? Yeah cuz they're all called king prawns.
Thanyia Moore: He's the prawn.
James Acaster: Thats just the prawn.
Ed Gamble: So the king and the king prawn
Thanyia Moore: is just prawn, You don't even have to, You don't kick him he's just prone
Ed Gamble: so he's in charge because he's not a king.
Thanyia Moore: No, no, it's not that he's not a king. It's just that everybody else is king King King King King. So that's regular. So he's different.
Ed Gamble: He's just prawn
Thanyia Moore: So he's the prawn, you have to have the the in there, the prawn. It's not the king prawns, but he's the prawn.
James Acaster: Yeah. Cause originially you said prawn.
Ed Gamble: Well, we recorded it Thanyia, so.
Thanyia Moore: Go you go, you go right now.
James Acaster: I agree. I agree. I agree that the prawn makes more sense but at one point you said he's just prawn and I love the thought of everyone just going, Hey Prawn, and just calling him prawn. And everyone else the king prawn. Actually, The, is more commingding, isn't it?
Thanyia Moore: It is because everyones going to start putting da and start graffiting that and you don't want that. Then there'll be a rapper called the prawn rapper, and you know what that
Ed Gamble: I do.
Thanyia Moore: A rapping called the prawn rapper.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, definitely.
Thanyia Moore: What's he gonna wrap about, wanting a sausage?
Ed Gamble: Not being allowed to hang out in the jacuzzi with a sausage. The prawn rapper, the prawn rapper sat in the jacuzzi. That's all the seafood boil. Like rapping about being a prawn. Of course. I want that. Who wouldn't want that?
James Acaster:
Still, though, very difficult to come up with words that line with sausage so da prawn is really in trouble.
Thanyia Moore: Maybe if he changes the way he says sausage, you might say sausige.
Ed Gamble: He's a rapper he could do that.
James Acaster: Let's say let's say he calls it sausige, instead of sausage. What words does that open him up to. What words out there rhyme with sausige.
Thanyia Moore: Seige, trees.
James Acaster: Trees, trees rhymes with sausige, does it?
Thanyia Moore: If you say it, right. Why are you crossing your arms?
James Acaster: I'm kind of excited because I want to just keep this going for a long time
Ed Gamble: It's because it's because me and Thanyia really acted like we'd solve the problem there. When we said you could change it to sausige. And we're both like Yeah, yeah, that would that would work. Now he's got a veritable dictionary in front of it.
James Acaster: So you've got seige and trees so far, that rhyme with sausige.
Thanyia Moore: You got Bees, Knees. Because if you say, I give you the sausige and have you on your knees? That's a good song.
James Acaster: I'm not denying thats a good song.
Ed Gamble: Teach ya about the birds and the bees. Yeah. See sort of works.
Thanyia Moore: once you say sausige, it changes everything..
James Acaster: What's your side dish? what we thinkin?
Thanyia Moore: See I think that a boil doesn't need a side dish, because it's enough in itself. However, some people like to have a salad for a side dish, and for my meat eaters, I know they might like some chicken wings on the side maybe just to kind of dip that in and just have that moment if they don't have a sausige, know what I mean? So yeah, it would be one of those two if needed.
Ed Gamble: You did a thing that I only really associate with James Acaster then, so you two should be should be getting on better. You shouldn't think he's a knobhead because you're basically the same person. When you said, when you said dipping in, you acted it out. James can't talk about dipping something in something without going, and I'm dippin, i'm dippin it in. I'm chucking em in. He always does that as well. He can't help but act out everything he's doing.
James Acaster: I didn't realise that about myself until Ed just said it, and it is true.
Ed Gamble: I'm dippin it in and i'm eating it. You always do that. And then the other one is, if it's a bag of something, you'll, you'll mime like throwing it in your mouth.
James Acaster: Yeah, I do. I love throwing it in. Like it's from a distance. I didn't know I did that Ed. You must have been in all these episodes thinking he's doing it again. I'll bring it up.
Ed Gamble: I love it personally, really like it. And so what you going with in the in the side? Are you going with the chicken wings? Or you go with a salad? Or do you going with some sort of chicken wings salad?
Thanyia Moore: I think this person dependent I'll be nice. So if you're coming as a guest, and you prefer a salad. I'll give you a salad. If you prefer chicken wings. I'll give chicken wings.
James Acaster: You do know this is your meal, though. We're not getting you to cook for somebody else.
Thanyia Moore: I wanted it to be a dinner party. You can't cook for one.
James Acaster:
We should have covered this. Absolutely. You can have a dinner party who you inviting to it? How many guests? Are they your personal friends?
Thanyia Moore: Three guests. Three girlfriends.
James Acaster: Name em.
Thanyia Moore: Tasha, Joanna Antonette.
James Acaster: How long have you known Tasha for? whats she like? How did you meet her?
Thanyia Moore: I met Tasha when I used to teach dancing, and I've known her for, Well, when I met her her daughter was three. She's now 22 she's about to be 23. So yeah, 20 years.
James Acaster: Interesting. Why has she made the cut. Whats she like, what she bringing to the dinner party.
Thanyia Moore: Herself. And she's always late, so she'll be late, so she'll miss probably the starter, her starter will be cold, but she'll still want it though. So it'll be cold. And so you always have to make time for Tasha being late.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I'd never be friends with her. She would never be invited to anything I did, once I knew she'd be late, unacceptable stuff.
Thanyia Moore: No, no, but you've got to weigh it up like this. When you have a friend. If they've got like two bad things, but 1000 good things, then you just have to deal with the bad things.
Ed Gamble: It depends what the bad things are.
Thanyia Moore: Being late aint that bad
Ed Gamble: It is awful Thanyia.
Thanyia Moore: She gets there eventually.
Ed Gamble: If I've cooked for someone and they're late, and then it ruins the quality of the food. Absolutely not. You're off.
Thanyia Moore: I didn't like it at first, but I just don't wait for any more. So it serves her right. We'll start.
James Acaster: Joanna, was that one of them?
Thanyia Moore: Yes.
James Acaster: What's she like? How did you meet her? Why'd she make the cut?
Thanyia Moore: Joanna is actually Tasha's best friends. So I met her at the same time. And we became friends separately. So now we have our own relationship. And Joanna will definitely be there on time. In fact, she'll be there a little bit early. And she will probably bring a bottle of wine.
Ed Gamble: Actually, I don't like that she's early. No, she's not coming around to mine either.
Thanyia Moore: Not that early. She's only like 10 -15 minutes early.
Ed Gamble: Then she can wait outside until the agreed time.
James Acaster: I've turned up too Ed's house early, every time I think I've visited him.
Ed Gamble: I prefer it to lateness. But still, you know, I'm making the finishing touches to everything.
Thanyia Moore: Can I say, all of them will always ask, Do you need anything?
Ed Gamble: That's nice.
James Acaster: But Tasha just doesn't bring anything, turns up late. So she asks, but then she just turns up late, doesn't bring anything. Whereas Joanna turns up early with a bottle.
Thanyia Moore: Because you know, she's come in late. There's no need to ask her for anything cause you'll already have it.
James Acaster: No point saying could you bring some boiling water and some ice cubes, please?
Thanyia Moore: I hate you as well now.
Ed Gamble: Could you buy yourself a watch on the way over? That'd be great.
James Acaster: Who was the third person at the dinner party?
Thanyia Moore: Antonette.
James Acaster: Who is she? How'd you meet her? Whats she like? Why'd she make the cut?
Thanyia Moore: You're definitly back to knobhead again. Antonette I met at work, at my last 9 to 5 when I was doing reception, and she worked there as well. Whats she like? She's wonderful. She's very giving, Antonette will definitely ask me if I need anything. And then probably bring a couple of bottles and maybe a dessert as well. And possibly some snacks.
Ed Gamble: This is James's favourite person so far.
James Acaster: So obviously I love her.
Thanyia Moore: But will turn up early because she will want to help you set up and get things ready and shes that person.
James Acaster:
Ed, you gonna allow that. You okay with that?
Ed Gamble: If you've pre arranged getting there earlier than everyone else to help set up so you know Antonette is coming at a certain time. That's fine. I think she's my favourite out of all of your friends.
Thanyia Moore: You said that very strong. All you your friends.
Ed Gamble: Because, it's like I think you've got a Goldilocks situation in that you've got late, early, and then pre arranged early which is very much the mummy bear porridge. So I like I like mommy bear Anntonette. She can be my friend.
Thanyia Moore: Okay.
James Acaster: Well she's my favourite as well. So congratulations to Antonette there. Easily the winner. Yeah. And I think we'll agree. It goes then Joanna and then way way down at the bottom, is late-Tasha; doesn't bring anything, doesn't help.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, not happy with Tasha.
Thanyia Moore: Don't say that.
Ed Gamble: Not a fan.
Thanyia Moore: She's not that, no don't say that.
James Acaster: Only good thing she's ever done is introduce you to Joanna, in my opinion. You'd like salad and chicken wings so that your friends can all choose what they would like.
Ed Gamble: Right? So we only say it's person dependent the chicken wings and the salad, out of Tasha, Joanna and Antonette who's having wings and who's having salad?
James Acaster:
Yes, actually, based on what we know of them. Can we guess and than you can tell us? Guessing game.
Thanyia Moore: Yes. Yes.
James Acaster: Be cool Benito. I, I think that Antonette would have salad, I think Joanna would have wings, Tasha would also have wings.
Ed Gamble: Tasha is having whatever she's fucking given at this point.
James Acaster: Yeah, because she's lucky she got any boil.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, she can have the leftovers. She can have the scraps. I think Joanna would have wings. Antonette is bringing a dessert. So maybe she's more dessert focused. So maybe she's saving room for dessert. She's quite excited about that. So she's having a salad instead. So I agree with James, I'd say salad. But Tasha. I don't know. She's turning up late. What does she feel like? Cold wings are all right, I suppose. But salads better if you turn up late. Really, it probably keeps a slightly longer. So I'm actually going to go salad for Tasha, because it's the late person's favourite meal.
Thanyia Moore: And the winner is James.
James Acaster: Yeah, yes, I knew it.
Ed Gamble: How spicy are these wings, what's going on with these wings, what you're putting on them?
Thanyia Moore: I wouldn't make them spicy, I would probably just make them regular oven wings. So you just season them with the basics. So just like a little tiny bit of seasoning or maybe some garlic powder, maybe a little bit of thyme. And then probably just a sprinkling of some chilli flakes. It's a tiny bit of soy sauce, soy sauce, and then you kind of just like rub it down a bit. Put that in the oven, put some foil on top so it kind of boils through first. And then you drain the water off and then you get get top top oil off. Put it back in the oven so it gets that browny flavour. And then if you want to, you could make like a sweet honey soy sauce to go on top of it. I like to do that. You just cook off some soy sauce and honey with a little bit of seasoning inside. cook that down. Pour that on top. Put a little bit of butter, not butter sorry, brown sugar, sprinkle it sticky.
Ed Gamble: Wow, where you go with the butter put that on as well. Don't tell me about the butter and then take the butter away.
Thanyia Moore: Wait, wait wait. No butter. You got a little bit,
Ed Gamble: You broke my heart.
Thanyia Moore: Sugar, Brown Sugar so it makes it nice and sticky. And then when you take it out, it's just a nice, you breakaway and it's nice sticky crisp on the outside and the chickens nice on the insidem it's just perfect.
James Acaster: Now cos your mum is a chef. And you live with a chef. I mean, we've had a lot of food descriptions on this podcast. Yours are at the level of the chef's that we've had on, I think Ed would agree. Yeah, this isn't your average comic describing food. This is chef level. If one day someone was like, you have to run a restaurant for a day and you're the head chef, do you reckon you could pull it off of it? I think you could pull it off?
Thanyia Moore: I think I could pull it off. I'd like to think so.
Ed Gamble: I'd come to your restaurant.
Thanyia Moore: Thank you.
James Acaster: What would you call your restaurant?
Thanyia Moore: I probably call it Joice's. It's my mum's name.
James Acaster: Okay. It's chef's name their restaurants after their parents, maybe Bitsto Benito is run by Great Benito son.
Ed Gamble: Benito has got a son and he didn't tell us.
James Acaster:
He's got a son and he didn't tell us, and he owns a little resturant call Bistro Benito.
Ed Gamble: Little Benito. What's this salad, Thanyia? So you've got the wings, which sounds delicious. I'm going to try making them like that I'm going to use, this will be one of the episodes that we can rewind and use as a recipe book. What's this salad?
Thanyia Moore: It's very basic. It's shredded lettuce. It's cucumbers. It's tomatoes. This red onions is sweet corn, and a little bit of sauce of your choice.
James Acaster: Cream.
James Acaster: We come to your dream drink now is this going to be your dream drink or you're thinking about the guests.
Thanyia Moore: I know, it's mine, it accompanies the meal. So I would have two different types of white wine, one to accompany the starter and one to accompany the main and dessert.
Ed Gamble: I like this. I like this little drinks hack of pairing drinks with different courses. Not many people do it on the podcast, but it's always a welcome treat. What you pairing with the starter?
Thanyia Moore: I think it would be a Pinot Noir, and it would be from, I like one from New Zealand, so it would be for New Zealand or South Africa actually. That would be a nice small glass of wine to accompany your ackee and saltfish dumpling
Ed Gamble: Whats all this small glass shit? Sorry I've got to weigh in.
Thanyia Moore: Cause when we get to the boil that's the pièce de résistance. That's when you need a large glass of wine. You don't want to be, you don't want your palate to be just covered in wine so you can't really taste the seasoning from the boil.
Ed Gamble: I don't think that's a thing, I think just have a big glass. Come on
Thanyia Moore: It's a thing.
James Acaster: Ed's got a problem. And his argument is just shouting come on at you.
Ed Gamble: Come on, have a little drink with me. With your really fun friend Ed.
Ed Gamble: If you only have a small glass, I'm gonna have the rest of it.
Ed Gamble: So what are you having the big glass of for the boil?
Thanyia Moore: sauvignon blanc
Ed Gamble: I wish I knew something about sauvignon blanc. To say, that's a great choice, but I just drink it regardless.
Thanyia Moore: It's a little bit sweeter than the pino, so it's better.
James Acaster: Again, here have you picked up wine tasting skills from your mum from Joyce?
Thanyia Moore: No, because she will just have any white wine. But my flatmate, Yes. We do a lot of cheese and wine nights. So she'd introduce me to a lot of different cheeses, and chutneys the things that go with cheeses.
James Acaster: Ok, you need to move out.
Thanyia Moore: Why?
Ed Gamble: Cheese is a danger word on this podcast for James. Especially, as you know, we're not we're not at the dessert yet. We heard earlier that you know you're in the starter gang with me. And now cheeses are popping up rearing their head, what I would say dangerously close to James asking you what you want for dessert. We're still hovering around the drink but cheese and wine nights. That sounds lovely. And we know that you've already said that you're having this wine to match both the boil which is good,
a nice, you know it's spicy, a sweeter white wine will punch through that spice. Nice. But can you carry that through to whatever the final course will be? I'm not going to specifically say dessert.
James Acaster: Is it too late to book Antonette for the podcast?
Ed Gamble: That was another danger there. That's another flag, a red flag isn't it that someone else has to bring their own dessert
James Acaster: Has to bring a dessert because they know that it'd be cheese and goddamn biscuits for dessert instead.
Thanyia Moore: It's not cheese and biscuits, but also that's just Antonette. I probably wouldn't use it. I never do but she does.
Ed Gamble: Oh, so she always brings a dessert and you put it straight in the bin.
Thanyia Moore: No, I just put it in the cupboard as something else for the next time.
James Acaster: So you and your housemate sit down and have cheese biscuit evenings with your wine.
Thanyia Moore: Yes
James Acaster: That sounds lovely. But you're doing that after you've had like a proper dessert at some other point in the day right? So you've had a dessert and then you have the cheese and biscuit evening to unwind that's okay.
Thanyia Moore: No cheese and biscuit. There's so much cheese and biscuits, that's just dinner.
James Acaster: Oh the whole of dinner, so that's even replacing the starters so in a way,
Thanyia Moore: Everything so I couldn't have it at this at this dinner party.
Ed Gamble:
You could, I mean if you wanted to make that your dessert, feel free. Feel free. Thanyia, I don't want to, I don't want you to feel pressured by James. I don't want you to feel like he's bullying you into not having your dream dessert which is cheese and biscuits.
Thanyia Moore: It's really not.
Ed Gamble: You've bullied her James.
James Acaster: No. No bullying took place. I just put my emotions out there, my feelings. Let everyone see my feelings.
Thanyia Moore: Wow.
James Acaster: How long have you live with the chef?
Thanyia Moore: A year?
James Acaster: So you moved in what, start of lockdown?
Thanyia Moore: Just before the pandemic Yeah, just before, like a week before.
James Acaster: Did you know them beforehand? Or is it?
Thanyia Moore: No.
James Acaster: Wow. So this has worked out quite nicely for you.
Thanyia Moore: Very well.
James Acaster: Not many people a week before locked down. moved in with a chef.
Ed Gamble:
Yeah. You seriously lucked out there.
James Acaster: Right right up there with moving in with a hairdresser or something before locked down. Yeah. pretty lucky.
Thanyia Moore: Can I tell you something? Do you know what my blocks called?
Ed Gamble: What?
Thanyia Moore: Moore house?
Thanyia Moore: I don't know whats going on.
Thanyia Moore: My blocks called Moore House, the house where I live is called Moore house.
James Acaster: Oh, sorry, cause your surnames Moore.
Ed Gamble: What I love about that, is that's definitely a joke he should have got over by now. You've been there for a year. That seems like the sort of joke that someone would say to you, Moore House, Moore House. You're called Thanyia Moore and you live in Moore House. And you'd be like, yeah, alright, fuckin hell, I get that all the time. But you said that to us a year after moving into Moore House like that is the best joke you have ever heard in your life, still.
Thanyia Moore: It's not a joke.
Ed Gamble: I know it's not a Joke, but you still find it absolutely hilarious. I love it.
James Acaster: You are vibrating? Also, when you said originally, the way that you said it made me think you were saying more, as in, can I have some more. Yeah. So yeah, it was like a big house with like, I'm in a block. And what is a block if it's not more houses. If you've got more, more house.
Ed Gamble:
I'll be honest with you Thanyia. I was Also baffled, completely baffled me and James arrived at that joke later than, than Tasha would.
James Acaster: Call us a couple of Tashas over here because we are late and rude.
Thanyia Moore: And you've brought nothing.
James Acaster: Brought nothing to it as well. We get to the dessert. Now, I know it's not cheese and biscuits, so I'm relieved, but then I'm not completely in the clear, although you know, you've had a dessert bought over. But that's gone in, Antonettes brought it, but you put that in the cupboard. So that means you don't need the dessert. So there must be something sweet on the way.
Thanyia Moore: It is a cherry crumble.
James Acaster: Lovely.We have not had cherry crumble before, and I am excited to hear about the cherry crumble.
Thanyia Moore: I like to make my own crumble. I don't let it make me and cherries. So Joyce will have made the cherries. Yeah. And th en I just make the crumble and then put that in the oven. And when you take it out, you offer ice cream or custard.
James Acaster: That's what I like to hear.
Ed Gamble: I absolutely love that. You're getting Joyce to do the majority of the work, let's be honest. And then you put the crumble on and then you present a dinner party going here's the cherry crumble I've definitely made from scratch, right.
Thanyia Moore: I wouldn't say from scratch. I just say here's the cherry crumble.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, ask no more questions.
James Acaster: Also, if you say to people, I made the crumble. It sounds like you made the whole thing. But you're not technically lying. So you're like, I made the crumble pretty good. And then it was like, these cherries are so delicious. And you can just be like, I made the crumble. You keep saying that to them. Oh yeah.
Ed Gamble: It's Thanyia all right. She keeps saying she made the crumble whenever we ask her.
James Acaster: Denying that she knows anyone called Joyce as well. I don't know why she keeps saying that. That's the name of her restaurant. What is the secret to these cherries that Joyce is making, whats she putting in them? I can't disclose all of them. But the number one ingredient you can rest assured is cherries.
Ed Gamble: Thanks so much for even giving away a bit of Joyce's secret there Thanyia, we feel very privillaged. Aall you given us is cherries.
James Acaster: There's chrries in it and that's it. I'm not even gonna bother asking you whats in the crumble cos I know what the answer is gonna be.
Thanyia Moore: It's just flour and butter, isn't it, and a little bit of sugar.
Ed Gamble: You're not putting any oats in it or anything. I know people like to put oats in.
Thanyia Moore: A bit of cinnamon in it, a little bit. And then you really really crumble up some bread. And you put that on the top sometimes and that gives you a nice little crisp. So you have the crumble and the soft cherries because the bottom of the crop was going to be a little bit soft isn't it? So the top bit you want to keep crispy.
Ed Gamble: In many ways. It's like a dessert cottage pie.
Thanyia Moore: Almost, similar colour.
James Acaster: Yeah. Would you say that your favourite type of food, is a soft layer topped with a crispy layer?
Thanyia Moore: I would say so.
Ed Gamble: It is good, now I'm thinking about is probably bite as well.
Thanyia Moore: I would go for custard.
James Acaster: You work with custard over ice cream. I would be the guest who asks for both. Would that be okay at your dinner party?
Thanyia Moore: That would be fine. I mean, when you leave I'll be like, they're so greedy.
James Acaster: Well putting the ice cream in the hot custard is the equivalent of putting the ice cubes in the hot water.
Ed Gamble: That's true. He's got you there.
James Acaster: Oh, I'm getting the finger for the first time of the pod.
Ed Gamble: That'll be the screenshot we used to promote the episode.
James Acaster: Oh thats 100% gonna it. It sounds like cherry crumble has always been a favourite of yours. Have you always had it growing up and stuff?
Thanyia Moore: Do you know what, it used to be apple. Then I went to Blackberry. Then cherry
James Acaster: Interesting Now tell us the age that you were when you switch from Apple to Blackberry. And the age that you were we switch from blackberry to cherry.
Thanyia Moore: Seven, apples a blackberry.
James Acaster: Sophisticated that is sophisticated.
Thanyia Moore: 16
Ed Gamble: Is that something you announced to your mum when you were seven? Mother, I'm making the switch.
Thanyia Moore: I think she caught on when I just started like digging the apple out of the apple pie and just eat in the pastry.
James Acaster: And then your teens were when you were like, 16 did you say?
Thanyia Moore: yes 16, it's like when I was leaving school.
James Acaster: Reinventing yourself, thats what a` lot of people do. Leave school new me. I like cherry crumble now.
Thanyia Moore: Definitely. This is it. just got in. feet first.
James Acaster: Do you anticipate another phase coming in at some point where the cherries get nudged out and you replace it with something else?
Ed Gamble: Let's not forget old pappa rhubarb. He's got to make an appearance
James Acaster: Pappa rhubarb is not coming.
Thanyia Moore: I like rhubarb, but like in a yoghurt.
Ed Gamble: Sure, but that means rhubarbs in your life. So at some point old Papa rhubarb is going to be like, put me in a crumble. I think you're missing out by not having, cherry crumble sounds good. But I think rhubarb crumble is the most grown up of the crumbles, hence old pappa rhubarb. And I think as you get a little bit older, maybe you know, maybe into your 40s 50s I think the rhubarb is going to make an appearance. That's just what I think.
Thanyia Moore: So in about two years
James Acaster: I'll tell you what, in a couple of years time you're going to be making a crumble and you're gonna pout a big old can of Cawston press in there. Made myself a crumble, and i'm pouring in the Cawston prey-yes
Ed Gamble: I mean, for me that's baffling and I know what you're doing. So I know your songs about Cawston press. You sing them all the time, but even I'm confused. So God knows what Thanyia is thinking right now.
James Acaster: I know exactly how Thanyia is feeling right now. She's feeling the same way that I felt when I heard Moore House.
Ed Gamble: Thanyia is not laughing at what you said that James, is because you reminded her of the More House joke and she's laughing at that.
Thanyia Moore: Thats the truth. I want to confirm that I definitely hate you both right now.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, absolutely fine. No problem
Thanyia Moore: So we all know where we are.
James Acaster: Water, you would like warm lemon water, two thirds boiling water 1/3 cold water and sometimes some ice. Poppadoms or bread, you want to poppadom sandwich with onion and mango chutney. Starter, ackee and saltfish dumpling. Main course, seafood boil with crab legs and king prawns, potatoes mcorn on the cob, lashings of sauce, no sausige. Side dish, salad or chicken wings depending on the guest. We've established that there would be two portions of chicken wings, one salad and you did not reveal your own side dish, actually what you would have at the dinner party of your choosing.
Thanyia Moore: I wouldn't have one.
James Acaster: You would leave it and just have the boil.
Ed Gamble: Pass, a pass.
James Acaster: Drink, two types of white wine. New Zealand Pinot Noir with starter, sav blanc with the main. Dessert, cherry crumble with custard. You're making the crumble, Joyce is making the cherries. Also, ice cream as well Benito. Benito missed out the ice cream. It's Ok Benito I understand you've got a restaurant to
run with your son, you got a lot on your plate right now. You can't write down the whole WhatsApp menu because Bistro Benito has to survive the pandemic.
Ed Gamble: I tell you I absolutely love about this as well, is you're making Joyce make the cherries and you've not invited her. Joyce just bring the cherries around and then go
Thanyia Moore: I'll set a plate. I'll set a plate
Ed Gamble: Well that's even more upsetting. I've set you a plate but you're not allowed to come in
Thanyia Moore: No. Hold on.
James Acaster: Given that we've nailed down your sense of humour now. If you have friends to a dinner party, if when they be in their food they said, Can I have some Moore? Would you be like, this is absolutly. I love it. I love hosting a dinner party.
Ed Gamble: Thanyia thank you so much for coming to the dream restaurant, you've been a wonderful guest.
Thanyia Moore: Thank you, I really enjoyed it.
Ed Gamble: Do you still hate me and think James is a knobhead?
Thanyia Moore: 1,000%
Ed Gamble: Well there we go. A lovely menu. When you're reading back there, James. I forgot how sort of weirdly it started but then it did then slip into quite a delicious menu. It was the the warm, the weird warm water with lemon situation and then the poppadom sandwich and I was like, we're in for a wacky one here but then it was pretty nice from then on in.
James Acaster: Absolutely delicious and more importantly it didn't include dark fruits cider.
Ed Gamble: Be difficult to see where she would have fitted Dark Fruit cider to be honest.
James Acaster: Yeah, would have been bad. But still thank you for the suggestion. Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble: Bleasdale. Cheers Bleasdale, keep suggesting stuff if you want Bleasdale. We do like saying your name like that.
James Acaster: Benito has just told us to Bleasdale has actually suggested loads. So we've got loads to choose from that Bleasdale said.
Ed Gamble: Cheers Bleasdale. So go and check Thanyia's stuff out online. She did all that stuff we've mentioned in the intro and also she's she's on the socials.
James Acaster: Yes. I imagine
Ed Gamble: @tanyamoore on Twitter. She's on Instagram as well. thanyiamoore.co.uk is her website. Go and check it out. Look, we may be coming to the point where we can do gigs again. So Thanyia Moore might be out there doing gigs if you want to go and see her in a live environment. She is brilliant. Go and see her.
James Acaster: Yes, absolutely. Ed and I are nice men. Just doing a plug for us.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, cool. Nice plug
James Acaster: @offmenuofficial on Twitter and Instagram. offmenupodcase.co.uk is the website. There's a whole list of restaurants on there which we will now add Joyce's to and of course we will add Bistro Benito to it.
Ed Gamble: Bistro Benito will be there.
James Acaster: And if you go to Bistro Benito, you have to ask if the great Benito is in, and they will obviously, Yeah they might be confused but just ask. Is the great Benito in tonight? And see what they say to you. Maybe he'll be there with his little son.
Ed Gamble:
Thank you very much for listening to the Off Menu podcast. We'll be back again in your lives very soon. Goodbye,
James Acaster: So long and farewell.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast; biting into the sweet flesh of chats and spitting out the pips of truth. Hello James Acaster. *sound of spitting pips* Little bit of a spit there.
James Acaster: Yeah a little bit of bite. I bit into it and then I spat all the pips. Hello Ed Gamble.
Ed Gamble: Hello. Hello. I was just, even thinking about eating a grape with seeds in it made me feel sick then.
James Acaster: Yeah, I don't see the point. Why are there grapes with seeds in them still.
Ed Gamble: If we've got the technology to grow... Now, here's a stupid question. We grow seedless grapes, right? They've not worked out a way to take them all out before they put them in the bag.
James Acaster: Well, there's the whole thing isn't it of like, well, how'd you, people said it forever. How do you how do you grow seedless grapes? What do you plant to grow to grow seedless grapes. People have always said that, but I don't think they suck out the pips. Any other way, do they?
Ed Gamble: That will put me off grapes. If I found out there's a guy sucking sucking out all the pips before he sends them to me.
James Acaster: I wouldn't like that. No. So I'm not sure really. But then I hate biting into a grape and suddenly there's the pips there.
Ed Gamble: No thank you. And then you swallow it. you swallow a pip and then you're like, is a bunch of grapes gonna grow my tum tum?
James Acaster: That's scary.
Ed Gamble: 1
Yeah. What tree bush or plant would you, if you had to have one grow in your tummy, what would it what would it be?
James Acaster: Chocolate?
Ed Gamble: Like a cocoa plant?
James Acaster: Yeah, that'd be great.
Ed Gamble: But you imagining it growing full bars of chocolate.
James Acaster: Well, just growing all the chocolate and then the chocolate falls off and then I digest it all.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, okay. Yeah, don't have time. I don't have time to go through that. So this is the Off Menu podcast. James. What happens on this?
James Acaster: We have a guest in the dream restaurant and we asked them their favourite ever starter, main course, side dish, drink and dessert. And this week our special guest is Munya Chawawa
Ed Gamble: Munya Chawawa. He's an online comedian does a lot of stuff on Instagram does a lot of videos and character and sketch stuff
James Acaster: Yeah. He was in Dane Baptiste's Bamous show which if you haven't watched that, I don't know if it's still on I player or not, but It's very good. You should watch that as well, he was very funny in it. And we're thrilled to have him in the dream restaurant. However, if he says the secret ingredient that we deem to be a bad ingredient that we don't like. We will kick him out of the restaurant. I'm sorry.
Ed Gamble: We'll take no pleasure in it.
James Acaster: Let's make it grapes with seeds in it.
Ed Gamble: I think we've done that already, James.
2
James Acaster: Well just goes to show we haven't changed. We still don't like grapes with seeds in it to this day.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, exactly. We stand we stand by that. How about James, the one we've agreed on, which is mung beans.
James Acaster: Yeah, mung beans. I don't like them, I think they stink.
Ed Gamble: They stink. I don't know. I mean, why would you call something that people are supposed to like that? mung beans. It sounds bad. It sounds like they're disgusting.
James Acaster: Right. You think onomatopoeically or just like phonetically?
Ed Gamble: I hearm mung which makes me think mingm and ming makes me think minger, and you say something's minging if it's not nice. Minging beans. That's what it makes me think.
James Acaster: Well, we've made it worse now. I just don't like the way they smell. They smell damp and horrible.
Ed Gamble: They smell minging. Well, anyway, if Munya says, mung beans and the thing is M-U-N Munya.
James Acaster: We're luring him in.
Ed Gamble: We're luring him in there. I say it every time, a guest always picks a food that is the same first three letters of their name.
James Acaster: That's what most of us our favourite food is. That's why I love jam. You love and you love.
Ed Gamble: Edamame beans.
James Acaster: Edamame a beans. And Benito loves,
3
Ed Gamble: Bento boxes.
James Acaster: Bento boxes. It's his favourite food.
Ed Gamble: We're very good at improv on this podcast. That's that's a good thing about it.
James Acaster: Yeah, if you like improv, listen to the rest of this episode. We're gonna be firing on all cylinders.
Ed Gamble: This is the Off Menu menu of Munya Chawawa. Welcome Munya to the dream restaurant.
Munya Chawawa: Yes. Wonderful.
James Acaster: Welcome Munya Chawawa to the dream restaurant. We've been expecting you for some time.
Munya Chawawa: I know. I like to be fashionably late. You know, I like to leave your waiting. It's what A-list celebs do.
James Acaster: That's true.
Ed Gamble: Exactly.
James Acaster: You've met a lot of A-listers, right? Do they keep you're waiting?
Munya Chawawa: Well, I mean, speaking of celebs I've met, Ed actually prepared me for my first and only stand up gig.
Ed Gamble: I did and he thought I wouldn't you thought I wouldn't remember this, as if you thought every day I'm being interviewed by someone who's asking me for stand up tips because I'm about to do a stand up gig.
Munya Chawawa: I just assumed that you might have wiped traumatic memories like this out of your consciousness, but no there it is, as clear as day. Shall I tell you what happened? Because James, you seem baffled.
4
James Acaster: I didn't know this happened. And you know, I'm interested to hear what about Ed's tutorial teaching techniques made you quit after one gig.
Munya Chawawa: I mean, if you know that the plot of karate kid, it's basically that but in comedy form. But essentially what happened is, I was working at a TV channel and I was a producer on the show. So I was writing the scripts, but I also realised I had the power to write myself into the show. So I really wanted to try stand up. But I wanted a situation in which it was completely reasonable that I failed spectacularly. And so I went to the bosses and I was like, guys, how crazy is this? What if we did this idea where some random just learns to become a stand up comedian, in like eight weeks? And then he goes and does a show? Wouldn't that be hilarious? because then if it goes bad, you know, well or badly, it's going to be great TV and they went, that is a good idea. Who could we, you know, who could we do that with? And I was like, I don't know, me. And sure enough, we started to basically get comedians in each week, who would then impart some comedic knowledge to me. Ed came in and I forget what we talked about. It was about charisma, I think. It was about charisma on stage. We had a lot to say about it anyway.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Pure chrisma.
Munya Chawawa: He was teaching me sort of, you know, puff out your chest and this and that. Don't go to overblown just get the perfect medium this that and the other.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Because as we all know that the main thing about my comedy is my chest is so puffed out.
Munya Chawawa: You are the pigeon of the comedy world.
Ed Gamble: We can't actually sit people in the front row at my gigs, because my chest is so far out over the top of the stage.
James Acaster: Yeah, walking around like Foghorn Leghorn.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah. I mean, yeah, the guys were constantly having just to move the tripod to back just because of the peck to lens action that was happening. But anyway, yes. So a few weeks later, I went and did my gig. It was five minutes. So really, the window for me to fail was very, very small. And I'm pleased to say it went exceptionally well. It was a student night. So it's top secret comedy club in Soho. Great night, student night. They were all up for a laugh. And the first guy who went on was this leary Scottish guy,
5
he had them in the palm of his hand. Second person went on, they were amazing. I was absolutely petrified, because I thought, look, I want everyone to do well, but the third person needs to be shit, please, just so I can then sort of raise the bar back up a little bit. And yeah, sure enough, the third person went on and, you know, made a lot of jokes about some sort of national treasure, maybe Mary Berry or something. And then I came on and started telling jokes about Zimbabwean dictators. And it turns out that was just what was needed to lift the mood. So thanks Mugabe.
James Acaster: Did you puff your chest out?
Ed Gamble: Did you remember to puff your chest out? Yeah.
Munya Chawawa: Absolutely. Yeah most of the gig was actually just looking at my chin for the people in the front row. So Ed, thank you so much, man. I have'nt been able to say this, but I was waiting for this opportunity.
Ed Gamble: My abiding memory of the interview was I was quite horrible about your material, actually. I was quite mean to you about the whole thing.
James Acaster: Ed was like, here's what you got to do. You've got to lose loads of weight and then do loads of material about how you lost the weight. That's what you've got to do. That's what I did.
Ed Gamble: Where's the chest? Where's the hell is that chest? Puff that out.
Munya Chawawa: But it paid off. And you know, Ed, I'm just, I can't wait for lockdown to lift so that I can pencil in our next lesson on making sure your knees are at the right angle.
Ed Gamble: Exactly. But I like that I, you know, I tried to impart some of my knowledge to you to do live stand up. And you responded by doing one gig and then just sort of doing quite a lot of online viral work and not needing to bother with live stuff. Yeah.
Munya Chawawa: I mean, it's easier to do online because, you know, you're never actually hear whether people laugh or whether there is dead silence, you know, you kind of just, the only indication is kind of like whether people have clicked like on a little red heart. So I feel like that is way less daunting. But I am going to try and do some more stand up when I finish for sure. I just find it terrifying. I find it terrifying. Because once I interviewed another comedian, and he said to me, have you ever tried to stand up? And I said, you know, I didn't one? He said, No, no, you got to do a few, you know, do a few and then you're gonna
6
find out whether you really like it, if it's really for you. And I said, Okay, well, how many do you suggest? He said, you know, once you've done about 350, you'll know. I thought, i'm not gonna do 350 gigs to find out whether I like something.
James Acaster: Well, I don't know who this person was that you interviewed. But let me tell you, they do not enjoy stand up and they are trying to draw you into their sad world. They're like, you should do it. Do 350 of them, just stop being a successful viral sensation on the internet. Start doing stand up gigs like me and hate your life. Now Munya, our first question is usually still or sparkling water. And you've already been drinkng some water. Is that some water in that little flask you've got there? Are you are you one of those guys who always has a flask of water, carries that around all day long?
Munya Chawawa: Well, it's a, I'm sure you know, people who use recyclable bottles just seem to sort of plague human existence by constantly screwing that the lid. So that's one of the downfalls of saving penguins. But no, in my recyclable bottle, I just have tap water, which is very edgy of me because I have an extremely sensitive stomach. Really, they say you shouldn't drink tap water because of the stuff that's in it. But, you know, I come from Zimbabwe, where most days it was kind of like pure malaria coming out. So coming to England, and to be able to just drink from the tap without risk of death is actually fantastic. And that's why I drink it from the tap. But in a restaurant, if I had the luxury, I probably would go still. Because I think if you go sparkling, there's just something wrong with you. You might as well lick a plug socket, because there's nothing pleasant about the sort of electrical sensation of sparkling, and you can't, it's not quenching.
Ed Gamble: Man, you really do have a sensitive stomach. If you think bubbles are the equivalent of licking a plug.
Munya Chawawa: But listen, what I'm trying to say is, you can't, when you're really thirsty, no one goes, ah I could just have some sparkling water now, because it's you know, it's an emotional battle to get each gulp down. Because of the gas, It's like a one in one out policy, isn't it? Trying to go sparkling water.
Ed Gamble: So you you think the bubbles represent a one in one out policy with other air in your body?
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, basically, right.
Ed Gamble: So you see your body as a nightclub of oxygen?
Munya Chawawa: I mean, that's my Tinder bio, yeah.
7
James Acaster: A nightclub of oxygen.
Ed Gamble: So the the bubbles are people who want to go in and dance in your body. So you have to kick out some of the other oxygen particles before you can let them in, because the fire regulations.
Munya Chawawa: Exactly, when you say it like that, Yes, I admit it sounds a bit strange. Essentially, yes. I just feel like tap water. You know, sparkling water people do it to be bougie. But it's not actually a pleasant experience. I mean, what, do you lot drink sparkling water?
James Acaster: I have done in the past, but like, you know, I wouldn't, When I have drank sparkling water. I wouldn't describe it as an electric sensation.
Ed Gamble: Or an emotional battle.
James Acaster: Oh, I havn't been zapped by it before. But I understand for you. It's more of a, it's a bit, It's a bit full on. It's a bit of an electric shock that would wake you up because of your sensitive stomach?
Ed Gamble: What are the emotions that you go through in the battle? So if you can just transport yourself there now. So you take a sip what what's this emotional battle? What does it consist of?
Munya Chawawa: Okay, so first of all, it's just the, the tearing, the fear of your throat being torn to pieces by these needlessly erratic bubbles. And then, you know, sinks down into your stomach and you can feel this sort of gurgling sensation. You think you know what is going on? Then it's embarrassment. It's like, Can anyone else hear that? You know? And then it's shame.As the sort of one in one out policy really comes into effect. Yeah, so this is not a pleasant experience for me boys.
James Acaster: You know? No, none of that.
Munya Chawawa: When you ask me, even just the word sparkling is, I don't know if you can see, but my top lip is trembling.
Ed Gamble: So the one the one in one out policy? Yeah, can I just do you mean you do loads of tiny little farts? But one very bubble that you that again?
8
James Acaster: Good question, actually.
Munya Chawawa: Hm, well, sometimes you save them up, because sometimes you've got to look for that window of opportunity. You know, every throat clear from the opposite person is an opportunity. So very much when I sit down for dinner with people I'm asking myself, How much does this person clear their throat? And that's gonna make my night a lot easier.
James Acaster: So you're waiting for them to cough, and then everyone thinks, that guy coughing smells like shit. He's coughing up shit.
Ed Gamble: I love that you're waiting for them to cough as well. You're not thinking I'll clear my throat and do it under that. You're like, I've got to wait for them to do it. Oh, God.
Munya Chawawa: No, no, no, no, I think if you combine it with clearing your own throat, there's a lot going on there. And I feel like you know, it could become more than a fart, which is a worst case scenario. Not that it's ever happened. But, you know, take these kinds of precausions.
Ed Gamble: It's not one in, everybody out.
Munya Chawawa: I don't want it to be the case that this nightclub just happens to be operating when it closes and everyone has to rush out. So you know, it's a very strategic process. Why Tom Cruise hasn't made a Mission Impossible film about this, I don't know.
James Acaster: He just staring at the guy he's having dinner with and preying that he coughs. Please clear your throat, I need to fart so bad
Munya Chawawa: I was very offended, James, by your assumption James that my farts stink of shit.
James Acaster: I'm sorry.
Munya Chawawa: very presumptive of you.
9
James Acaster: Well you know, it's pretty common.
Munya Chawawa: I mean, sparkling water isn't that aromatic though?
James Acaster: Well, I didn't think you were farting out the sparkling water, I thought it was one in one out basis, so that your the bubbles are going in and different bubbles coming out of your butt that have been ther from other stuff.
Munya Chawawa: Yep. I don't survive off of like Aero bars or something. I don't survive off of bubbly food.
James Acaster: So hold on, is it only the bubble food that turns into bubbles and has to leave your body, it's not just other food in general.
Munya Chawawa: I thought this was a food podcast not a biology exam, I don't know. All I know is,
James Acaster: It's only Aero bars and sparkling water that would do this.
Munya Chawawa: God we need to get an expert on the show
James Acaster: Where do you stand on Aero bars and Whispers and stuff? Do not eat those because one in one out policy?
Munya Chawawa: Well, there's no electric sensation with Aeros. You know, the whole marketing point is the bubbles melt in your mouth. You know, not the bubbles electrocute you as they go down.
James Acaster: Yeah,
Munya Chawawa: So already there's a contrast to sparkling water. So I try not to tarnish all bubbly food items with the same brush. Do you know what I mean?
James Acaster: 10
Thats good of you. Poppadoms or bread? Poppadoms or bread, Munya Chawawa?Poppadoms or bread?
Munya Chawawa: You know what, I gonna say bread? I'm going to say for two reasons. Number one, I had a traumatic experience with poppadoms where, my dad tried, there's a pattern here. My dad's not a cook, right. Hi's Zimbabwean guy. Zimbabwean food is all right. You know what I mean? Like if you go to Italy, get pasta, go to Spain get paella. In Zimbabwe, the main dish is kind of like this big lump of maize, which you put with a bit of vegetables, a bit of meat. It can taste nice, but you know, it's not the kind of hight of culinary perfection. So anyway, my dad one day said, I'm going to make a curry. Now, I mean, the curry itself was basically just chunks of meat floating around and like a brown liquid, but my dad had obviously seen poppadoms before but just didn't know where do you get them? How do you make them? So when I sit down for this curry now, there's just a bowl of quavers in the middle of the table. Just cheesy quavers with this sort of meaty gloop. That was enough to put me off of poppadoms for life.
James Acaster: Had he made the quavers or did he buy them? Just a pocket of quavers and put them in a bowl.
Munya Chawawa: He bought them, just bought a packet of quavers.
Ed Gamble: I mean, obviously love that. And I love that it's put you off poppadom. Even though it was just a bowl of quavers.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, but just the sensation of this cheesy taste with this curry is just, I don't want to know what a real poppadom tastes like now.
James Acaster: Was it something for years that would get bought up a lot of the time, that the quavers, or was your dad quite sensitive about it and didn't want to hear, didn't want to be made fun of.
Munya Chawawa: No, he's very sensitive about that. He was convinced that he would go on to Dragon's Den with these. Basically, you know, this white stuff. I told you, this sadza, which is like this ball of maize. He thought that he had come up with this idea where if you put the pan onto like a searingly hot heat and it starts to burn the outside, that he'd created sort of like a maize-y Malteser and he was like, No, guys, trust me. I'm going to take this on Dragon's Den, and it's gonna be amazing. Like, don't tell anyone about this. Don't tell anyone about sadza balls. I was like, I'm not gonna Dad, don't worry. A lot of my, you know, a lot of my cooking anxiety comes from my dad for sure.
James Acaster: 11
Was his idea that he would get a ball of maize, put it in a searing hot pan and burn the the outside of it, and that was the product of making Malteser. That's the product.
Munya Chawawa: Because you're not used to having crispy sadza. So it was the fact that something that we've grown up knowing as soft is suddenly now crispy. And no one was doing that. Yeah. So he'd really reinvented the sadza wheel.
James Acaster: But is the fact that, I kind of don't mind the fact he's come up with that and called them sadza balls. That's great. But what, what I like is that he thinks he could take a Dragon's Den. It's not a product, it's just something that anyone could do at home. So it's just an idea that here's a suggestion. Why don't get your sadza ball, put it on the searing hot heat and burn it all the way round so it's crispy. And he's gone, I can sell this. He's just selling a suggestion to people.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, like any good businessman would.
Ed Gamble: Presumably on Dragon's Den, he'd be explaining to them what sadza is to start with, right? So they'd have to get over that hurdle and then he'd have to go but imagine it different. Imagine this thing you've never heard of, different.
Munya Chawawa: Okay, you're not bought into it, I can see. How about a poppadom?
Ed Gamble: Bring in the quavers.
James Acaster: Heres a packet of quavers I bought from the shop on the way here. Heres my idea. Give someone a packet of quavers and call them poppadoms. That's my new idea. You would go bread tho.
Munya Chawawa: I'd go bread. I'm so specific about bread tho.
James Acaster: It's okay, thats what we like.
Munya Chawawa: When I have toast, this has caused a big controversy before. So one day I was made some toasts and then I posted it on my Instagram, I was like, this is how we all eat toast right? And the thing is, when I make toast, I don't like the butter to melt into the toast. I like the toast to be cold and rock hard but still
12
toast, and then to layer the butter as a solid over the top of it. But apparently, that's a war crime. But, you know, that is how I like my toast.
James Acaster: Not how people do it to be fair.
Ed Gamble: Firstly, I really like how offhand you are with, obviously, you know, your online more than us. I made some taste and obviously want to put it on my Instagram.
Munya Chawawa: Now, but this is just a one off. I'm not usually, you know, I don't usually, you know, put such frivolous matters on there. But on this one occasion I was just getting some funny looks from my housemates and I thought, what's wrong with them? And then I put it on there and I thought, wow, okay, this is actually an issue people have. Because really, if your butter melts, you're not tasting the butter.
James Acaster: That's not true,
Munya Chawawa: You're just tasting like this, this this sort of liquidy oil. Me, I like to taste the butter. When I was a kid. I actually used to eat butter out the fridge, and my mom had to stop me.
James Acaster: How old were you when you stopped eating butter out the fridge?
Munya Chawawa: What was the date yesterday? I was probably about maybe seven
James Acaster: When Ed was destroying your material, when he was mentoring you. This is the kind of stuff he wanted to hear.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, yeah, I would love that.
James Acaster: About your days of eating butter out of the fridge, you would have put that in there.
Ed Gamble: I kind of agree with the tasting the butter thing. Like, so if I have toast, if I'm really going for it. I will have hot toast, but the butter will be cold and straight out the fridge. So it'll be sort of layers of butter that is melting a little bit but you'll still be able to see a solid bits of butter. I like that.
13
Munya Chawawa: I like that too. It's a different tast, innit?
James Acaster: Best toast I ever had is grilling it under the grill proper, not doing it in the toaster. And the second time when I've flipped it over to do the second side. I put the butter on top of it, then grill it with the butter on it and do loads of butter. Let the butter completely just soak the whole bread and then chomp it up, delicious. And then I taste the butter, I taste the butter.
Munya Chawawa: But then it's just soggy, isn't it?
James Acaster: No, it's not too soggy, because it's been under the grill at the same time. So it's still crispy toast. But you got that rich butter, like fried bread I guess.
Ed Gamble: You also can't have chomp it up as part of your recipe. Chop it up goes for all of these recipes. You can't go, in my recipe you eat it at the end.
James Acaster: It's not, Chomping is different innit. Chomp, chomp, chomp. It's a onomatopoeic thing. Not all food goes chomp, chomp, chomp.
Munya Chawawa: You wouldn't be able to do that though. Because if your bread was grilled, it would be completely sodden in butter. Yeah, so you wouldn't even be chomping you'd be slurping you're toast. You'd be drink drink drinking it.
James Acaster: Believe me. It's a chomp, guys. Just take my word for it. I was Chomp Chomp Chomping it.
Ed Gamble: I like chunks. I like chunks of butter.
James Acaster: Okay, but what do you like what Munya has described their, of having cold toast with blocks of with a layer of cold butter on top of it.
Ed Gamble: I don't like the cold toast. I'd rather have just bread and toasted bread with the with the chunks of butter.
Munya Chawawa: 14
Yeah, I'm down for that as well. But cold toast, cold toast feel sad to me. But the reason I have toast, I have to have it toasted is because, you know, as a as a fellow butter-feind, you'll know that when you're trying to put butter onto raw bread. When you try and scrape the butter it rips a hole in the bread. So the toast is more of a procedural thing as opposed to a preference. You know what I mean?
James Acaster: So you are spreading it.
Munya Chawawa: I'm spreading it. Yeah,
James Acaster: cuz I thought you were just slicing it and then laying it on like cheese, like a cheese sandwich.
Munya Chawawa: No i'm not a maniac. No, no, no, I'll put a slab on and then sort of scrape it evenly across.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I think what you're, you're toasting it almost not for the temperature or the taste but for the structural integrity so you can spread the butter on top of it.
Munya Chawawa: Hmm, that's correct. Yeah.
James Acaster: I'm okay with that element of it.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah. Okay, good. I'm glad we found a middle ground.
Ed Gamble: So is that what you what you want for your bread course here? You want cold toast with a thick layer of butter?
Munya Chawawa: In an ideal world? Yes. And if not a piece of bread that is completely consumed by butter but there's no rips in the actual fibre of the bread.
James Acaster: I think we're gonna have to give you the toast because that sounds like it sure is your go to.
Ed Gamble: It's your speciality.
15
Munya Chawawa: That's my cup. That's my happy place.
Ed Gamble: Is that what you take on Dragon's Den? Cold toas
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, with a sadza ball crushed in between two pieces.
James Acaster: Let's go on to your starter. I dunno why I preemptively laughed at it. Everything so far has said more and more about you. And I'm looking forward to learning a bit more.
Munya Chawawa: So this one is actually, I don't have a life story perhaps behind this one, but I'm going to pick arancini. Risotto inside some breadcrumbs. Whatever.
Ed Gamble: An Italian sadza ball.
Munya Chawawa: Exactly,
James Acaster: Basically you're sticking two fingers up to the old man, as well.
Munya Chawawa: Don't tell George. George is my dad's name, but my dad randomly changes his, he sporadically changes his names depending on what his mood is. Wait, let me explain. My dad's name. My dad's name was was Falot, right? Which for some reason sounds like a measurement of land. Anyway, one day was at this lady's house in Zimbabwe and she went Oh, do you know that Falot means heart operation in, whatever, German or something. From that moment my dad said, no way I'm not being called, I'll not have this in my name. So he changed it to George. He was George for a little while. And then I remember one day being on the way to church and he was like, you know, My son, I really just want to change. And I was reading this picture Bible at the time and I was like, you know, what about Jacob. You know Jacob seemed to be like a right laugh. And he just went Yeah, I'm gonna be called Jacob, and changed his name to Jacob, in all of his documentation, not legally but just wouldn't respond when people were shouting George at him.
James Acaster: Is he George again now, or is he Jacob still?
Munya Chawawa: 16
Nah, he's still Jacob? So I'm not going to tell him I did a podcast with Ed and James otherwise you'll be like, oh, Ed, that's a good name. But now, why am I getting distracted? So yeah. Right. So Arancini because I made it recently. I don't like making arancici because you know, you end up with your hands covered in the like this panco breadcrumb crust which you know, as a former eczematic, someone with eczema, you know, dramatic memories for me, but I enjoy eating it. Yeah, only thing is no one ever told me in the book it said you know, you make an arancini balls, it didn't specify the size.
Ed Gamble: Now obviously this is an audio medium, I just want the listener to know that the size that Munya estimated therec with his hands was about twice the size of his own head. So i'm looking forward to this story.
James Acaster: So no one told you the size.
Munya Chawawa: When I went to this market, it was literally last weekend. I went this market and at the market I saw arancini, give me these tiny like golf ball size things I said, you know, is this your arancini? They said yeah, this is the size it's meant to be. Meanwhile, two weeks ago, I was eating these bowling balls full of rice. That was the size they were meant to be. So yeah, I've only experienced true arancini once. But I like the big ones anyway.
James Acaster: As someone who is like, you know, you do so much stuff online, you would think you would Google this kind of stuff. Your whole life is making videos and posting stuff and it's all like being on top of social media. And that's what your whole career depends on, having your finger on the pulse of the internet. Making arancini, I won't Google what any of this is, i'll just guess it's a bowling ball and I'll eat that. Thats an acceptable size. And then like you go to the market, what that hell is this? I asked for arancini please, not a little taster.
Munya Chawawa: I tried to do old school, I tried to use a cookery book. So you know, the thing with cookery books is sometimes they don't put a picture into each recipe. You know, so only the chef's favourites. So, you know, I didn't have a reference point. But it looked crispy. It tasted of rice inside, so I thought you know, the size doesn't even matter. You know what mean?
James Acaster: Yeah, sure. So it's your arancini that you want as your starter. So first of all, what kind of an arancini is it? But also, is it made by you? Or is it the stuff you had at the market or somewhere else?
Ed Gamble: And also what size? I think is the main question.
James Acaster: 17
Obviously what size is it? Yeah,
Munya Chawawa: I'm thinking, you know what? Because want to leave room for my main course. I'm going to have the smaller ones. When you say what flavour do I want it? Would you mean what kind of things you put in there?
James Acaster: Cuz theres different types that have different things in it and stuff? Ones where,
Ed Gamble: I think you're right.
James Acaster: I think it's like you can have different things within it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you could have mushroom in it, there could be ham in it, there could be, you know,
Munya Chawawa: Okay, I'm gonna have mushroom in it.
James Acaster: But hold on, but what have you had in the past?
Munya Chawawa: Like, to be fair, I had dried and wet mushrooms because I didn't know that they were separate things. I didn't know you had to soak the mushrooms for them to be, you know you get these dried funghi or whatnot. Soak them in water, chop them up, put them in, I just skimmed the recipe and it said, you know, get your chopped dried mushrooms and then get your chopped wet mushrooms later in the recipe. So my assumption was, oh, I put in all of them so I just thought double up on mushrooms. Reminds me of my first meal at university actually where I was so anxious about going broke that for my first meal at university I had mashed potato with chips with roast potatoes, because I thought each potato would bring something different to the meal but it didn't. So I'm gonna have mushroom arancini.
James Acaster: Okay, nice. That sounds fair.
Ed Gamble: We sort of glossed over that you don't normally like making things with breadcrumbs because you used to have eczema.
Munya Chawawa: It's the sensation of it though.
18
Ed Gamble: So it reminds you of when you had eczema, when you've got bread crumbs all over your hands.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah. Because it's like, you know your hand all crackly and just, you know just shedding everywhere. Yeah, it's not good time.
James Acaster: So you get the flashbacks that you have to start having to putting E-45 Put your hands. No, this is just bread crumbs, no. What have I done. I've made it even worse.
Munya Chawawa: But you know what I mean tho? When you're cooking. I always get a moment of panic when I have to make anything with with dough, because you know you have to work dough? You know when you proper working it. It clings in all your fingers and your webs and stuff. And they're like no no if you do it once it's going to fall off. But I always just had this horrible image of my hand trapped in these doughy handcuffs,
Ed Gamble: Forever
Munya Chawawa: well you know, if you keep on needing it. Yeah, eventually it comes clean off. But that was a hurdle I had to get past at the beginning of my dough career.
James Acaster: So while you were starting to need the bread, there was a point before you've got to the end where you thought. I might be here for the rest of my life stuff. I might never get out of this. You starting to lose. lose faith.
Ed Gamble: In your, and i quotem, doughy handcuffs.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, because you can't move it from hand to hand, every time you try and shake it off. It just, you know, stays.
Ed Gamble: I completely understand. Whenever I've done dough stuff, you do get that panic where you're like, well, I want to get this off my hand. But if I use my other hand, it's gonna be on that hand. It's like when you stand on a bit of tape. And you try and step off the tape and then is on your other foot.
Munya Chawawa: 19
Yes exactly. So that was my, that was my panic with dough. So yeah, I would like someone else to make the arancini for me.
James Acaster: Yeah, so that you're not reminded of your eczema days. Do you want the person making the arancini to have eczema?
Munya Chawawa: No, I don't want that to be any eczema involved.
James Acaster: Just be straight, straight mushroom risotto. And breadcrumbs. Are you want little ones that you saw at the market, or the the big one? The marble size ones. No, sorry, my ones were a bit bigger. The golf ball size ones. Yeah, the golf ball size ones. Yeah, if you get you're getting marble ones from someone else, they're your opposite. You know, you found your opposite in the world.
Munya Chawawa: Well, you say that but actually at school, I actually used to be a marble champion. No, hang on wait, listen. I can't describe how this happened.
James Acaster: Well you're gonna need to.
Munya Chawawa: Okay, when I was at school is Zimbabwe, we used to play Pokemon cards. But then one day somebody came into school and said that this kid had burned down their parents house because a Pokemon I told him to do it. So we were all then told that Pokemons are demonic. So we had to all throw our cards in the bin, like our teachers made us throw our cards in the bin. So anyway, the next day someone came in and they had marbles.
James Acaster: Every single, this the first time I've ever spoke to you. And every single story has a throw away detail, which could be a film in itself. Just to get to why I was a marble champion. A kid in my class burned down his house because a Pokemon told him to do it, and now I don't play Pokemon anymore. Because they were demonic. Anyway.
Ed Gamble: I keep putting like, everything you say I'm like, well, I'll put a pin in that and we'll have to come back to it. Basically, this whole conversation is just pins that I've not gone back to.
Munya Chawawa: But anyway, so one day, the next day, someone came in and they just had marbles. And they were like, we were going to start playing marbles. Here's how you play. You've got different, it's a move at a time and your job is to hit the person's marble so you can do like a high bomber which is when you throw it
20
over the shoulder. You can do like a rolly where you you know roll across the floor. And so we started to build up this this community of marbles, and there was different values, so like you had the Colgate which is one where it's like three stripes inside and then you had like the demon eye, the dolphin eye
James Acaster: I demon eye? I mean that is, come on guys.
Munya Chawawa: My mum actually banned me from having that in the house but I actually convinced her to allow me to keep it because I had another one called an angel eye so I said to her it will balance out, anyway.
James Acaster: You, as a kid, managed to convince a grown woman, Like mum, I know you've confiscated my demon eye marble, but I also have the angel eye, therefore it cancels out and I won't go to hell. Here's marble back.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, Yeah. It wasn't like a hard stance, she wasn't like throw it out. She just said I don't know how I feel about having the demon eye in the house, and I went Mum it's fine because I got an angel eye. Anyway, listen to my point because basically, you win these marbles by rolling them and whatnot, but what I learned is when people are really arguing over marbles, during, you know, the position of the game, you could actually start to just pinch their marble from under their feet, whatnot, because I they usually keep in between their legs and then roll it. So I'll go around collecting these really high value dolphin eye, angel eye, you know I would steal them, and I actually got to the point of, I only have 10 with me now because I wasn't able to bring all of them, but at home in Zimbabwe I have 668 marbles.
James Acaster: All stolen.
Munya Chawawa: Some that I won, some that I've stolen.
Ed Gamble: Mow. Munya. That is what we'd call burying the lead. That story. That story took so long to get to the fact you've got a lot of marbles, and along the way, there were lots of things that should be stories in their own right.
James Acaster: So also It started off of you saying I was a marble champion and the reveal is, you weren't you stole loads of marbles from other people.
Munya Chawawa: As a champion marble stealer.
21
James Acaster: Yeah, you stole the other kids marbles. But from what I can gather you didn't play a single game of marbles. You just stole them off other kids and then convince your mom it was okay to keep them because one of them was an angel.
Munya Chawawa: I, you know, I was good sometimes.
Ed Gamble: I'm gonna need to know more about the Pokemon arsonist as well.
James Acaster: What Pokemon was it there told them to burn the building down? It must have been a fire pokemon.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah Charizard. Yeah, I don't even know they just said look the Pokemon cards, whispered to him to you know, to burn the house. Look, it's very easy to access fire in Zimbabwe, even me actually burned down my neighbor's garden by mistake once.
James Acaster: Okay, well again.
Munya Chawawa: I'm going to give you the short version because you know, pushed for time. But anyway, my garden story very quickly is, in Zimbabwe, your garden is not like an English garden where It's a nice, neat lawn. The grass is very long, you know, the high grass. And a lot of the time there's no there's no wall around your house as your garden just goes on forever. So people decide whose gardens which anyway, we know you don't have a lawn mower that can reach that far down the garden, because we're talking acres and acres. So I really fancied my neighbor's mum and she said to us one day, she said look this grass is really it's untamed. You know, what can we do? And I had a cousin called Mike who would visit every summer holidays like most, you know, most people, but he always would get us into trouble. And he said to me, we can burn the grass in a controlled fire. Anyway, what happened is we set light to the grass and then obviously it just all went up in an absolute rage of flames and continue to spread through everyone's gardens. And then we just had to lie to my dad and say you know we don't know what happened. But you know she didn't have any grass left it was all black.
Ed Gamble: And which Pokemon told Mike to do this? Yeah.
Munya Chawawa: But you know, we genuinely thought that we could stop, we could just you know curb the fire when we felt it was right but it just got away from us.
James Acaster: 22
Yeah, yes. Because as he said, we can burn the grass with a controlled fire.
Ed Gamble: I think that is a thing you can do, but I don't think you then just throw a match at some grass. I think you have to do things beforehand to make sure it stops burning at the right point.
Munya Chawawa: I know that now. I was just a kid at the time. I was I was not to know
James Acaster: From what I gather it's because you fancied this lady, fancied your friend's mum and you wanted to cut the grass so that she would maybe see you as a potential suitor.
Munya Chawawa: Just so that she would, just to get a points. Yeah, point scoring and be like look, I can do macho things even though you know.
James Acaster: Well you did the most macho thing, you burned down all the garden. What's your main course? Ok, yeah, I've taken too much time. Are you pushed for time?
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, I have to do another podcast at 4.
James Acaster: Oh, at 4? lets have a little look now. We've got 15 minutes.
Munya Chawawa: Alright, so Okay, my main course is going to be oxtail. You know, Caribbean food. oxtail? Yeah, with rice and peas. Right. Very much deprived of this growing up in Norwich, we didn't have any kind of thing like that. So with oxtail is not just the taste of the food, because I love Caribbean food, but it's also just the, the thrill of it. Because the Caribbean takeaways near where I live, the Caribbean ones, they are actually very hit and miss. When they get it right. When they get the oxtail right, it is just a delight for the senses. You know, the meal carries you for days. When they get it wrong. You know, pardon my patois, but you'll be shitting through the eye of a needle for the next few days. So there's something about that gambling, you know, that gambling process, which I also find quite enjoyable.
Ed Gamble: So you like that?
Munya Chawawa: Well, yeah, you know, it's just, it's the knowledge that you could have won and you could be fine. And if you are, then it's really a risk that's paid off. You know.
23
James Acaster: So you want this to be a risky oxtail that we're giving you.
Munya Chawawa: No, I don't want it to be a risky one actually, I just don't want to get i'll from eating it.
James Acaster: Do it to turn out to be good, but that you don't know at the start. At the start it could be a risk but it turns out fine.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, that would be perfect.
Ed Gamble: Because we don't want to take away that that element of risk, because that's clearly a big part of it for you. You'd like ordering it and eating it and then 24 hours later going, actually that was fine that.
Munya Chawawa: Exactly. Because then it's just, you know, you just feel good, you think Yeah, I had a good meal or like I enjoyed it in its entirety during and after.
James Acaster: What's cousin Mike up to these days?
Munya Chawawa: yeesh, cousin Mike. I don't even know, last time I saw him. I had put my my bum through a window. We were sword fighting and I like tried to dodge back from his stick and then I put my my bum through like the glass veranda door.
James Acaster: Was open and you got it stuck in the gap or did you literally go through a window.
Munya Chawawa: It just smashed it, it was very thin glass just smashed through. We didn't have, you didn't have double glazing in Zimbabwe, so just smashed right through.
Ed Gamble: And then that was the last time you saw cousin Mike.
Munya Chawawa: That was the last time.
Ed Gamble: Did he just run out when your bomb went through the window and then you never saw him again.
24
Munya Chawawa: It was an easy escape route for him, obviously. But yea, I never saw him again. I never even spoke to him again, actually, but I'll check in with him after this, see what he's up to.
James Acaster: Hi, yeaj, haven't seen you since I put my bum through the window, just wondered how you doing. I was telling, I was telling you a couple of comics about about the time you told me that we could cut the grass with a controlled fire, dya rememebr that. Just checking in..
Munya Chawawa: But you know, You surely must have met one of these people who you just always when they're around, just trouble. Yeah, yeah. You know, once he actually locked me inside my own room and we had to break the burglar bars to climb out.
James Acaster: The burglar bars.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, yes. in Zimbabwe in front of your windows, they put these you know burglar bars, so you can't get into the windows. So we had to basically I had to become like a welder. Just to try and get out of this room that he locked me in. But of course, it was always my fault. So actually, it's a good thing I don't see Mike anymore because he was old enough to trick everyone that I had done it.
Ed Gamble: But you say you say that when you saw cousin Mike, there was always trouble, but for him, you were his cousin Mike, in a way. Because you were trouble every time, you know, was he getting in trouble when he wasn't with you? Or was he always just getting in trouble. Cuz you might have been a bad influence. If you think about it.
James Acaster: You're the one who broke the burglar bars. You're the one who put your bum through the window.
Munya Chawawa: No, no, no. He would teach bad habits. Like he would say to us, you know when you have a bath, put Vaseline on the base of the bath so that you slip around. And it's really fun. There was a time that I used to put Vaseline at the bottom of the bath and just stand around and pretend that we were surfing. So I didn't invent that, he is the one who came to me and said do this. It's fun.
Ed Gamble: You did it. Yeah.
James Acaster: 25
And then carried on doing it for a while to be fair to you. He knew he knew who he was telling. He wasn't going up and tell him that to his dad, was? Thinking he'll love it. Love putting Vaseline in the bath. So did you put Vaseline in the bath and then fill the bathtub with water and then slide around? So it was all in the same time?
Munya Chawawa: Yeah. Because that's how generally surfing happens. Yes. You know, it's in the water.
Ed Gamble: So how much longer did you put Vaseline in the bath after cousin Mike told you to?
Munya Chawawa: I quickly kind of discovered it's kind of dangerous because, you know, sometimes you fall you know nearly hit your head. So I didn't do it too much. But you know, like it was once in a while.
James Acaster: Once in a while, you do a Vaseline bath and slip a nearly hit your head to think oh, maybe I should stop do it this.
Munya Chawawa: Next time I come on, I'm going to tell you about the time that I actually did slip out the bath looking at an elephant out the window on holiday.
Ed Gamble: Well, the thing is, you're going to have to tell us about that now.
Munya Chawawa: No, no, no, because I need to do the rest of my courses and I only got 10 minutes.
James Acaster: Listen, if we can't get to the end of your courses. We will have you back on another episode. We've never done a cliffhanger before. I'm happy to have a cliffhanger because you just said that at one point when you were in your vasaline bath, you fell over because you were looking out the window at elephant.
Munya Chawawa: So we went on holiday to this place. I think it might have been called Teriba. But anyway, the whole novelty of that place is that the animals will roam freely. You know not dangerous animals like you know; lions, crocodiles, just you know, elephants, whatever. Anyway, I was having a bath and I thought well, you know I'm on holiday special occasion, get the Vaseline. Vaseline in the bath and then ran the bath.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, not the first time that sentence has been said.
26
Munya Chawawa: Anyway, one important detail is I'm a very meticulous person. But on this one occasion, I'd gone for a wee before the bath and left the seat up. Okay, so I didn't put the seat back down. So it was just that solid ring round the toilet seat. So anyway, the toilet is very close to the bath. I'm in the bath. I put Vaseline in I've had my fun, now I'm sitting in the bath. So next thing I know my mother says, Oh Munya, theres elephants, theres elephants walking outside. Look, they're all walking like a parade between the holiday homes. So I now get up to look out the bath, to look out the window and look at these elephants. As I stand up. Of course I slip. And when I slip forwards, I go out of the bath and hit my head on the toilet seat, on the on the concrete bit, whatever it is. And then my head swells outwards into this buldge as you can imagine. So, you know, theres this duck egg in the middle of my head. And then yeah, I just spent the rest of the holiday having to explain to people yes, I fell in the bath because he I slipped on the Vaseline when I was looking at elephants and hit my head on the toilet seat.
Ed Gamble: Didn't even lie about it.
James Acaster: Did you don't have to, every time you told someone about that, were they familiar with the Vaseline in the bath, that sometimes you put vasaline in the bath and pretend to surf? Or did you have to tell them about cousin Mike and the vasaline in the bath?
Munya Chawawa: No I just left the Vaseline out because it was just long to explain. I just said I slipped in the bath.
James Acaster: You slipped in the bath. Bbut in your head, you were thinking because I was covered in vasaline.
Munya Chawawa: Well, usually I was, you know, I was I can stand in a bath of Vaseline. But it was the speed at which I stood up.
Ed Gamble: No, no questioning your credentials.
James Acaster: Yeah, you can stand in a bath that you've vassed up yourself. Right, we come onto your side dish now.
Munya Chawawa: Nice and simple. You know, if you're gonna have ox towel recipes, you got to sort of stick within the theme. So I would say to some, and it's quite tricky, because I always panic when I need to say this word. I know that I should say plantaine but I'm gonna say plantaine because that's what makes me feel, you know, I would say plantaine.
27
Ed Gamble: Absolutely delicious.
Munya Chawawa: No side stories there.
Ed Gamble: But the thing is, I don't believe that. I believe that there is at least four hours of side stories there. But you are well aware you need to be somewhere else. And you know that every time you say anything, me and James are gonna look delighted and ask you to expand on it.
James Acaster: You're in a real tricky position that aren't you, because your professionalism is outweighed the fact that you've lived an absolutely batshit life. So you're trying to keep it as professional as you can so you could go do this have a podcast, when you know that, ahhh, if I say that they're gonna make me tell it.
Munya Chawawa: No, no, no, but listen to this. I also know professionally, that it's good to leave people wanting more, you know, I want people say, get me back on. So what I will say and I'm not going to tell you the full story now, we'll wait for next time, is, I was once taken to a petting zoo. It was called the friend foundation. You can Google if you want. It was not even a petting zoo. It's just when they found stray animals. And I unleashed a cage of monkeys into the petting zoo. And we actually did use bananas to lure them back in. But I was bitten by one. But that's all our time for now.
James Acaster: What is that all your tell us for now? What are you talking about?
Munya Chawawa: No, no, I told you. It's a cliffhanger, I told you. I'll tell you the rest later.
James Acaster: What we're meant to do now. Just say what you drink? What your dessert? See you later.
Munya Chawawa: Yes. Just put a pin in it.
James Acaster: Why would we get you back on, if we do the full menu with you? Yeah, we've got no excuse to get you back on. We can't just get you back on to tell us about the time you unleased monkeys in a petting zoo.
Munya Chawawa: Just another podcast.
James Acaster: 28
If you told us the petting zoo monkey story now. Then, the propper cliff hanger is whats your drink, what's your dessert, and then we've got a full excuse to get your back?
Munya Chawawa: No, no, I need to tell you a story about the drink, and then you know, by then you'll still be able to, you'll have to get me on just for dessert.
James Acaster: I've never ever in the years of doing this podcast had a guest make this sort of bargain. Yeah. Negotiate.
Ed Gamble: I've never done a podcast with anyone who uses the appearance on the podcast to pitch for a second.
James Acaster: You haven't had them go. There was a story about that, but if you want that you're gonna have to have me on again.
Ed Gamble: I am tempted now because I've never had anyone go, and I was bit by a monkey, if you want to know more, chat to me later.. Of course I want to know more, you were bit by a monkey.
James Acaster: Yeah, even though the summary of the story was essentially the whole story itself. I went to a petting zoo. I unleashed a load of monkeys and one of them bit me.
Munya Chawawa: No, no, no, there's other details, there was a goat as well that I had to avoid. You don't know the extent of the of the goat.
Ed Gamble: You don't know the extent of the goat.
Munya Chawawa: But look. So I'm going to tell you my drink now.
James Acaster: You're moving us on, we can't.
Munya Chawawa: Yeah. Alright, so my go to drink would be a Mojito. Yeah. Yeah. Nice and simple. Nothing too crafty about that. But I always, now that's the only cocktail I feel safe with. Because the night before the second lockdown before Christmas, whenever it was, okay. There's a bar. I love it. I go to it in Soho. It's a secret bar. I'm not even gonna tell you what it is because I like it when it's empty. So sandwich
29
between loads of restaurants in Chinatown. It's like the size of a wardrobe. You go in there, and you go upstairs and then the bar opens up. Anyway, they do these amazing cocktails. So I was going there every weekend. You know dumplings, dimsum, whatnot. Brilliant. Cocktails, amazing. So I go there now and I notice on the shelf, there's this row of panda cups that they never use. And I'm thinking to myself, you know, what drink is that because I've tried every drink on the menu. They never give me the panda cup. So the night before we go into second lockdown, we go there. And I see on the menu, a cocktail that says, it says pineapple panda. Sso of course I go for it because I'm thinking Yes, finally the drink I haven't tried here. So they serve it up to me in this panda now. And I drink, I drink it. I finish it in maybe like four gulps. Yeah, because I'm really, I'm ready to have a good night. And my belly starts hurting. I'm thinking, what's going on? So I speak to my missus. I said, do you get bellyache if you drink without having eaten before? She said, not really. So I just started eating all these prawn crackers. Also known as poppadoms. And then order another one of these drinks anyway, just to pass the time.
James Acaster: Hold on, the drink that had made you feel ill. You ordered again? Yeah. Okay, carry on.
Munya Chawawa: It was delicious. But the thing that made it delicious was there was this taste in it that I've never tasted before. And let me tell you,, I've tasted a lot of things. Yeah, but this flavour here. I couldn't put my finger on it. It was like really intense sweet pineapple, a bit bananary, but it wasn't pineapple ir banana. All of a sudden I start feeling real bad. Okay, real bad. And I said, gosh, are you sure that you this doesn't happen if you drink without eating? She said, No, no, no, it shouldn't happen. Okay, so anyway, we looked at the menu, well i finished the secone one. We grabbed the menu and we're reading the ingredients, because the thing is, I'm allergic to nuts, right? Looking at the menu, pineapple, mango liqure, whatnot. And then just this other weird French word, whatnot. So I think you know, I got to go to the bathroom. So now go to the bathroom. Gabs now says to me, I've just done a Google Translate on this word. And it's French almond syrup. Oh, and I've just down two of these almond cocktails. Anyway, you know, the rest is history but just had to sort of limp home dazed by this Almond poison. You know, the worst bit was they had, it was, you know, it's a Chinese bar. But all the way to waiters are French. So they're just the guys banging on the doors in French outside. Obviously, everyone's turning around looking, waiting for me to come out. So I then had to do the walk of shame.
Ed Gamble: So you're in there. We're being we're being sick?
Munya Chawawa: Yeah, all of it.
Ed Gamble: You were doing all of it. And all of the waiters are banging on the door and screaming at you in french.
Munya Chawawa: Well they're saying, are you ok.
30
James Acaster: You staggered out and everyone could see you and then you went backwards into it. Put your bum for a window and then a monkey bit you on the arse.
Munya Chawawa: Mike made the cocktail. Yeah. And then you know, so that was my pre lockdown night ruined had to go home straight away. So now I have a policy where if I have a drink with a meal, it's just going to be a mojito because there's no risk? Because I don't know the French of almond syrup.
James Acaster: Now, we have two minutes left. Do you want to say your dessert?
Munya Chawawa: No.
James Acaster: Listen, look. Look, Benito. Benito. I know that you really want to get the desert. But we done so many episodes, and we've never once had someone leave on a cliffhanger before. And I feel like if we force him to say what his dessert is, I don't think it will be very satisfying. But I think it's quite funny to have, I'm not gonna tell. Just have me back on.
Munya Chawawa: What should we say? Let's do a vote.
Ed Gamble: I think we should do the dessert.
Munya Chawawa: Okay, James.
James Acaster: Well, I'll go along with doing the dessert. My comic instinct at the time you said no was to go on with you not doing it. But now that Benito has said he wants you to do it.
Munya Chawawa: Okay, i'll whizz though it. So my dessert would be a chocolate bomb. Okay?
Ed Gamble: A chocolate bum?
Munya Chawawa: Chocolate Bomb
Ed Gamble: 31
Do you want it presented in a window?
Munya Chawawa: Well there is this thing. There's a bit of a tradition with me in the chocolate bomb because I eat this chocolate bomb when I go to this restaurant called The Ivy, you know the Ivy? Yeah, right. But it's a bit of a tradition that happens when I'm a bit tipsy. So, by this point in the meal, obviously you've had the starter, bread, maybe your main and you've had a few drinks. I've had a few drinks. Okay, so I'm at this point. I'm a bit tipsy. Usually around the stage when I'm waiting for the dessert. I'll then go to pee. When I go to pee. If you go in the Ivy toilets, there's these gnomes on the wall. Yeah, tiled into the wall. And it's a tradition. Now. I've never shared this until today. But usually I go in and greet the gnomes whilst I pee and then will come back and eat my chocolate bomb. Because, um, so you know when you're tipsy, you just want to speak to people, you just want to speak to anyone. Everyone's at their own tables. So now it's, you know, it's not conversation. I'll just not at the gnomes. Yeah, and then come out and enjoy my chocolate bomb. So I would only have a chocolate bomb in your restaurant if you have gnomes tiled onto the wall.
James Acaster: Well yeah, we could do that for you. In your head. If you don't go and greet the gnomes before you eat the chocolate bomb. What will happen?
Munya Chawawa: I don't know. I've only ever finished the chocolate bomb since I started doing that. Whether it's because you know, I'm taking a bit longer in there. Or what? But before I would always leave at half eaten. Now I can finish it full.
Ed Gamble: Oh, so you think that might be the magic of the gnomes?
Munya Chawawa: Yeah. Yeah. Because it's a worst thing when you have a delicious dessert. And you can't finish it all. So you know because then, as soon as you walk out the restaurant the instant feeling you have is, ah, I could have finished that. So I prefer just to get it all done in one sitting.
James Acaster: So you think that maybe, you order your chocolate bomb and then you go to the toilet or you say hello gnomes. And then when you are walking out of the toilet, the gnomes give you their magic so that you can finish the whole Pudding.
Ed Gamble: Must be gnome magic..
Munya Chawawa: I'm not sayingl, not i'm not saying it's magic, but it's just a superstition. You know, it's like when people, you know, It's like lucky socks, you know. So that's just my version of that. It's a little nod to the
32
gnomes. But I'm yet to be in a situation where there's someone else in the in the toilet. So if that happened, then I wouldn't be able to say it and then we'll have to see what happens.
Ed Gamble: Are you saying something out loud to the gnomes?
Munya Chawawa: Sometimes, but usually is just a nod.
Ed Gamble: How many gnomes are there? And do they have names?
Munya Chawawa: Okay, listen,
James Acaster: Munya, have you ever done the TV show? Would I lie to you? I think you need to get yourself booked on it as soon as possible.
Ed Gamble: You really do.
Munya Chawawa: Listen. Just picture it. I'm really, I'm on the verge of being drunk now. Okay, I'm at the urinal. I'm not thinking, it sounds weird when you're saying it sober, but when you're drunk, you're like, yeah, of course I would. You know, of course, I'm just going to say something stupid to these gnomes. So I'm not having a conversation, I'm just going you know, I'm just going in Alright, or whatever. Or just nodding and then leaving.
James Acaster: If before you've had your chocolate bomb, you don't need the toilet. What are you doing, still go into the toilet just to say hi to the gnomes?
Munya Chawawa: No, because I will say that up by this point. I'm bursting point on sparkling water. So I need to have a break.
Ed Gamble: So you were deliberately, at the beginning of the meal, If you need the toilet. The thought process would be, I need the toilet. No, hold that in because you've got to say hello to the gnomes before the chocolate.
Munya Chawawa: 33
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know, you can stagger these things, isn't it? You know your routine. I know that by the time I've had my main course. I've got enough in the tank just just to go and empty it.
Ed Gamble: I like the way you're trying to sell this to us is completely normal and get us on side and go, you know, you've got you've got your routine haven't you. Yeah, it's like saying It's like lucky socks. It's nothing like lucky socks.
Munya Chawawa: You guys must do some sort of thing before you do gigs.
James Acaster: No, no,
Munya Chawawa: Nothing? No gesture. No nothing. No song.
James Acaster: No, I usually just pace around really regretting all my life choices. I think why am I here, and then I go on stage. But maybe I should get lucky gnome.
Ed Gamble: I had a tradition on my tour two tours ago, where in the interval if I wasn't enjoying the gig, I would write the name of the place on a list of places that I would never gonna go back to agian.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah. In that case, I do have a tradition and it's the same. Also Ed's main tradition of course, before he goes on stage is just puffing the old chest up for about half an hour, ins't it? Right, i'm going to read your menu back to you now and see how you feel about it. Water, you want Stillwater. Poppadoms or bread, cold toast with a thick layer of butter. Starter, mushroom arancini, golf ball size. Main course, Ox tail, rice and peas. Side dish, Plantaine. Drink, mojito. Dessert, chocolate bond from The Ivy. I would say in all the time that we've done this podcast, there has never been a menu that does not reflect the episode we've just done before. That menu in no way reflects the conversation we've just had.
Ed Gamble: No clue whatsoever in that menu.
Munya Chawawa: Everything had a backstory everything had a backstory there.
Ed Gamble: It's actually a really a really nice menu. But I wont remember it because all I remember is your bum sticking through a window.
34
James Acaster: Yeah, and we still don't know the end to the monkey story. Although we do know that it bit you on the head and not the arm.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much, Munya.
Munya Chawawa: Thank you very much. I'll see you soon for the next, for the monkey story. Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Well, there we have it. I say it was the Off Menu menu of Munya Chawawa, but it's probably the episode where we've least talked about the food James.
James Acaster: It was the most Off Menu. It was Off Off Off Menu and into his life and the tales. I mean, you know, people say that food can like, you know, spark memories inside of you. Don't we just know it. If Munya was in ratatoullie, he would have had a mouthful of that and would have been like, vooooom, into his childhood and we would have seen him setting fire to a garden to putting his bum through a window.
Ed Gamble: I absolutely loved that episode.
James Acaster: I love every single story and I love that he came on. And he deliberately did not tell us a full story so that he could come on again.
Ed Gamble: What a pro, what a businessman.
James Acaster: Yeah, I mean, you see, this guy's gonna go far. Every time he goes on a TV show. He's just gonna go, No, sorry Graham Norton, you'll have to have me on again.
Ed Gamble: He really should be on Would I lie to you every week. I think.
James Acaster: Yeah, he would get on it every week cuz he'd refused to tell them if it was a truth or lie or not. Just say, you'll have to have me on next week. I won't press the button then. I'm not pressing it now, you're not getting me that easily.
Ed Gamble: 1:35
If you want a flavour of the sort of thing Munya does check out his Instagram, which is @munyachawawa. And I mean, a lot of the posts, I'll be honest, they're only about 10 seconds long. And then he says, tune in tomorrow for the next post. But it's all good stuff.
James Acaster: He's got a lot of followers on there. And for good reason.
Ed Gamble: Were on Instagram as well. James
James Acaster: @offmenuofficial.
Ed Gamble: Same on Twitter, go and check out all our stuff on there. He didn't say mung beans, Manya. Luckily, I mean, we were covering a lot of ground, they might have popped up at some point. Maybe if he'd done a full episode we would have heard about mung beans.
James Acaster: Next time we have him on. We'll ask him about mung beans, and we'll see if he has got the story about them.
Ed Gamble: I'm sure he does.
James Acaster: That'll be interesting.
Ed Gamble: I'm sure him and cousin Mike threw some mung beans at a plane and the plane crashed into their garden or something.
James Acaster: Obviously, there's a lot of people who get mentioned on the podcast who aren't on the podcast, who I then want to get on the podcast and obviously now I want cousin mike on to do an episode.
Ed Gamble: Well we should definitely do an episode with cousin Mike. Willie from Willie's perfect chocolate Christmas. Mitch, obviously. Man, I can't even, we've interviewed Willie. And we had Mitch on via telephone link up. We do need cuz we're like really.
James Acaster: We're steadily doing it. You know, we didn't hear enough of Babs in the Jade Adams episode.
36
Ed Gamble: She had more, Babs. I mean, we are building up a Marvel style cinematic universe here.. James Acaster Yeah. Yeah. I mean, one day, one of our dedicated fans will draw up all of the characters that have ever been mentioned in any of the episodes how they link up to the guests, and how they link up to each other. Of course, Willie, links up to Andy Oliver and Joe Thomas. Ed Gamble Yeah, oh man. What a treat. Well, it was a great episode. We enjoyed it very much. We'll see you next week for another episode with Munya Chawawa. James Acaster Yeah, of course.
37
Ed Gamble: Uh-oh -- one hundred, baby!
James Acaster: One hundred, baby!
Ed Gamble: 100 episodes, James. This is Episode 100 of the Off Menu podcast, and it's going to be a special one.
James Acaster: We never thought we'd do a hundred­ Uh, I never­
Ed Gamble: A lot of "we", a lot of "we" flying around there when I always knew. No, I didn't always know that we'd do a hundred but you know, I hadn't planned to not do a hundred but as is now in the public's knowledge, we've said it a lot, you assumed we'd do ten and then stop.
James Acaster: Yeah, I thought that was the drill. Yeah, but I've never been so happy to be wrong. I love it. A hundred episodes -- same age as the great Benito! One hundred! People don't know that about­
Ed Gamble: The 100 year old Great Benito, tiny little old man.
James Acaster: Yes, well done Great Benito for producing a hundred spectacular episodes, going through the edit.
Ed Gamble: He doesn't like to be thanked, and he doesn't like people to know that he edits it all with his gnarled 100 year old fingers.
James Acaster: Yeah. Just flaking skin on to his keyboard at home.
Ed Gamble: Well thank you, flaky Benito, Benito flakes. Obviously, say Benito flakes. Why would I­
James Acaster: Obviously.
Ed Gamble: Why would I say flaky Benito first? It's a food-based pun about Benito having flaky skin! Of course, Benito flakes. But anyway, let's not get waylaid. It's going to be a special episode. I think? I hope.
James Acaster: When it's 100 episodes, any podcast has to do something special.
Ed Gamble: True.
James Acaster: We knew what the obvious thing was to do, and we tried to get around it and think of other things to do because we thought we gotta put it off. Do ours another time. But we couldn't resist. We think that anyone else, the listeners would be annoyed­
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: ­ if we didn't do our menus for the 100th episode, and they'd be annoyed if only one of us did our menu as well. So they'd be like, "What about the other?" and we'll go "Wait another 100 episodes" and that person gets 200 episodes to decide what they're going to have? That's not fair to the first person.
Ed Gamble: Exactly.
James Acaster: But we're going dining together, aren't we, Ed?
Ed Gamble: We're going for a little fantasy dream meal together, James, but it's in a dream restaurant where obviously we get our separate menus. Don't you worry about that. It's probably going to be a long episode because we've got a lot of food to talk about
James Acaster: Yeah, this is two meals worth here. Two meals worth and I'm relinquishing my powers. I'm not a genie for this episode.
Ed Gamble: He has no powers but powers, of course, have to inhabit some vessel, so we will be handing James's powers over to the waiter in the Dream Restaurant. We're having a night off. We've searched through the temp agencies and we found who we believe to be the perfect waiter and Maître D' for the Dream Restaurant for one night only. And that is Claudia­
James Acaster: Winkleman!
Ed Gamble: Claudia Winkleman! A previous dining guest of the dream menu. Of course, very popular episodes, Claudia Winkleman's.
James Acaster: Yes!
Ed Gamble: So it's very exciting for us that she can come back in now as a worker.
James Acaster: Yes, I think Claudia is going to be such a great host. In that episode, we talked where she hated water. She did loads of sound effects. She was passionate about food. And I know she'll leave no stone unturned when we tell her what our wonderful menus are.
Ed Gamble: And also, let's not forget: she's just a consummate broadcaster.
James Acaster: Let's not forget that. Strings to her bow.
Ed Gamble: So many strings. So no secret ingredient, because there's absolutely no way we're going to get booted out of our own restaurant.
James Acaster: No thank you. I mean, we'd be idiots to set a secret ingredient for ourselves. I would like to request though that sometime during the night Jayde Adams walks in and gets kicked out instantly.
Ed Gamble: Yes, of course. Absolutely. That's definitely going to happen. You may not be able to hear that happen in the episode, but trust me it does.
James Acaster: It does happen at some point. Jayde will come in and go "table for one!" and then get chucked out immediately.
Ed Gamble: We should just get on with it then I reckon, James. Obviously we're very excited. We're very happy to have made it to a hundred episodes.
James Acaster: So happy.
Ed Gamble: Thank you to the listener. We'll do proper thanks after the episode I'd imagine but we're we're very excited to be here.
James Acaster: Just know going into the episode that we're grateful for you listening to the podcast.
Ed Gamble: Yes, we are grateful.
James Acaster: ­because then, if we say it now before the episode, they'll probably listen to us with a kinder ear when we say our menus.
Ed Gamble: We love you. Please listen with kind ears.
James Acaster: Thank you.
Ed Gamble: So without further ado, this is the Off Menu menus of
Both Ed Gamble and James Acaster!
Ed Gamble: Presented by Claudia Winkleman.
Claudia Winkleman: Before I do anything, I'd just like to say out loud: this is quite major. This is not what normally happens. Because I am­ I'm honoured. That's what I'm gonna­ I'm gonna use that word­ to welcome James and Ed to the Dream Restaurant.
[gong sound]
Ed Gamble: Oh, thank you very much, Claudia. There we go. Thank you. We're honoured­
[bird squawking]
Ed Gamble: ­to have you­ There we go­
[bird squawking]
Ed Gamble: Oh, it's­ the Dream Restaurant has a bird in it today.
Claudia Winkleman: Well, we're in Tahiti.
Love it.
Claudia Winkleman: I am a facilitator today because what's happening, just to share, with the group: it's your 100th episode of the best podcast of all time. Let's be honest.
James Acaster: Correct.
Claudia Winkleman: And today: you two -- this is huge -- are going to share your menus.
James Acaster: Yes. And I've given you, temporarily, the genie powers. I've transferred them over to you.
Claudia Winkleman: Thank you.
James Acaster: We did the did the ceremony beforehand.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah. I mean, it was a lot. It was a long ceremony. Three and a half hours of humming.
James Acaster: Yeah, a lot of humming and you were very good throughout. You were very respectful.
Ed Gamble: Now Claudia, obviously the idea is you use those genie powers to create our dream menus when we ask for them, but obviously while you've got them it would seem a shame to not use them for some other stuff. Is there anything else you'll be using the genie powers for?
Claudia Winkleman: No, this is what everyone needs to grasp: this is not about me. This is what you two like doing: you like asking questions, you have an opinion about a side dish, or like what spoon would you use with that. Now this is on you two.
Ed Gamble: You spotted my trick there, Claudia. I'm so­ This is­ I'm so nervous about doing my dream menu. I've just realised as I'm trying to do it that it's an awful thing to ask someone, to put someone in this position, and we've done it 99 times. So I was trying to ask you what you'd do with the genie powers to try and make this about you rather than us, because I'm terrified.
Claudia Winkleman: Nothing to do with me, nothing to do with me.
James Acaster: Tried to deflect straight away.
Claudia Winkleman: Let me ask you this: at what juncture did you start? Have you always when you've talked to other people thought "that's madness, I'd never choose that"? Have you always, in the back of your head, got your dream menu?
James Acaster: No.
Ed Gamble: No, absolutely not. Because I've tried­ I've done it­ but this is this is what my menu is now, as of this second, but if you ask me tomorrow, it would be different.
Claudia Winkleman: That's very fickle. That's very fickle and a bit weird.
James Acaster: Yeah, that's the lucky thing about being the hosts. Fingers crossed, we do another 100 episodes after this. And on #200, we could do another one of these and we can show how we've grown as people. That's what this podcast is really about.
Claudia Winkleman: Or what would be adorable, is if you had exactly the same.
James Acaster: Oh, that would be.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that would be sweet.
Claudia Winkleman: If you went: "do you know what? I was right."
James Acaster: Do you know what? There are some things on this menu... Actually, you said about "have we always had it in the back of our heads?" And if I'm honest, I've always had notes in my phone where I've written down all the things that are contenders.
Claudia Winkleman: Wow.
James Acaster: And anytime I have anything that's amazing, I've put it in my Google notes because I thought, well, I'm gonna have to do this one day, clearly. Didn't know when it would be, but I knew the day would come.
Claudia Winkleman: That's quite erotic. So you're at dinner with your girlfriend and you say: "Hold on a sec darling, I've just had a buttered parsnip with a honey glaze. I'm going to stop you there."
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: ­ and wrote it in.
James Acaster: Sometimes I've got the parsnip in my mouth and my eyes are closed, I'm in ecstasy, and my hands are still writing down in the notes ­
Claudia Winkleman: ­ manically ­
James Acaster: ­ "the parsnip".
Claudia Winkleman: James, who have you shared this menu with? Did you want to check with anyone? Was it a parent? Was it a friend?
James Acaster: I did check with my girlfriend. I did tell her. Well, I didn't check with her, actually. She was nosy and wanted to know what it was beforehand.
Claudia Winkleman: Because you're constantly in Google notes, she thinks you having an affair.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah, she doesn't believe me. "Well let me see the notes then!"
Ed Gamble: She knows James, she knows he's definitely not having an affair. Her first thought was he's probably writing that down in a note to remind himself later on.
James Acaster: Yeah: "he's probably writing down what food he likes or he's remembered an album that he likes from 2016. Absolute loser this guy." But yeah, I did tell her and she didn't, you know, there wasn't a point where she went "what?!" So I think, yeah, that was reassuring. But there is some things on it which, I don't know, there's potential for crossover with Ed's menu here and I would be excited if we get... I don't know if there's a special rule where if we say the same thing, something happens in the Dream Restaurant?
Ed Gamble: I think we have to kiss? We have to kiss, don't we?
Claudia Winkleman: No, well, not­ Everybody has to stop what they're doing, step away from Zoom and do a roly-poly.
James Acaster: Okay!
Ed Gamble: Okay, deal!
Claudia Winkleman: That's what happens in our house. If something major happens: "All right, guys. Mat out, let's do it." And I'm 49, that's quite something. Ed, is there anything that has made you slightly nervous? What's giving you the wobbles?
Ed Gamble: Well, I mean, all of it gives me the wobbles, but in a good way. As in: I'll slap my tummy after I've eaten it. But I think, I've maybe... Have I messed with the format? As I went through it, I found our format too restrictive.
Claudia Winkleman: Goodness.
Ed Gamble: So I've danced around the­
Claudia Winkleman: That's bold.
Ed Gamble: I've danced around the outskirts of the format, but in a way that previous guests have done so I'm hoping it'll be allowed.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: Are you nervous? Because the people who listen to this show, love the show. They love the two of you. They often listen to episodes more than once. Are you thinking about pleasing them? Are you thinking about your fans? The Off Menu people who make memes, I've still got ones coming to me of Mr. Burns. You know, if they go: "well, James has let us down because he's chosen partridge." I mean, are you worried about that?
Ed Gamble: No. Firstly, I'm not worried about James choosing partridge. I don't know if that's going to happen or not­
Claudia Winkleman: Correct, nobody would chose partridge, not even a partridge. Well especially not a partridge. Continue.
Ed Gamble: I think the people who listen to this will be happy with a lot of different outcomes. So if they're just straight up nice menus and they think they sound delicious, they'll be like: "yes, we're on board with that, we like food." If the menu's are awful, they'll enjoy making fun of us on the internet. If me and James really come to blows over something, that's­ I think that's the best outcome for them. You know, if the worst thing happens and I do what everyone wants me to do, which I'm not going to say out loud now, James will absolutely lose his mind.
James Acaster: Well, I'm not sure. I've been thinking about that. I've been thinking about, "what if he does it?" And "if he does it, what am I gonna do?" And in this instance, I'll be so consoled by my own menu ­
Ed Gamble: Right.
James Acaster: ­ that it won't affect me as much. Normally­
Ed Gamble: Okay, I've got some changes to make.
James Acaster: ­ the menu that the guest brings to the Dream Restaurant is the only menu I get to hear that day. And when they, you know, do something horrible it really annoys me because I'm like, "Oh, we had such a lovely chat and now all this", but now I get to conjure up my own­ Well, Claudia conjures up my dream meal for me so maybe­ but I don't know­ I still might­ I don't know how I'm gonna feel if he does it.
Claudia Winkleman: Before we enter... Right, I mean, we're here. But before we, let's say we're in the Anteroom, the Lobby. Briefly, what would your dream restaurant look like? Are you on a beach? Are you in a crowded pub? Is there open brickwork?
Ed Gamble: I think there is open brickwork, you know.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I feel like there is open brickwork. I like a, sort of, large, spaced out dining room, but buzzy, I want buzzy. I want, sort of, like hard surfaces, wood floors­
Claudia Winkleman: Atmosphere.
Ed Gamble: Atmosphere! But everyone spaced out still. You've got plenty of room, but you can hear the hubble and bubble, but you can't hear what the hubble and bubble is regarding.
Claudia Winkleman: Got ya.
Ed Gamble: And exposed brickwork.
Claudia Winkleman: And exposed brickwork, some sort of plant action.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: They often go together. Cool.
Ed Gamble: Vines. Some vines, I think.
Claudia Winkleman: Ring­a­ding­ding. Hence the Macaw earlier.
James Acaster: When you say "exposed brickwork," it makes me think of a brick flashing someone.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's what I want. I want brick dicks everywhere.
Claudia Winkleman: That's an option. James, What's your dream? You're walking in, you're holding hands, I pull back the curtain: what does it look like?
James Acaster: Well, see this is where I think I'm actually very unimaginative, because instead of imagining my own perfect restaurant that I've made in my head, I'm just imagining Noma in Copenhagen.
Claudia Winkleman: Right.
James Acaster: Because you said that we were in the little bit beforehand, before going in. And that's my favourite experience I've ever... I mean, it's the best meal out I've ever had. And this is no spoilers, because weirdly none of it has made it onto my menu, but it is the best meal out I've ever had. And before you go in, they put you in like a little greenhouse that's, like, got all the stuff they've been working on and growing. And there's a bunch of jars that have fermented stuff in them. And you get given a little drink, some hibiscus drink. And just looking around at all the stuff, getting excited about tasting these flavours. And then you have a little walk as well, and you go past a little burning fire and you get to smell the brunkiness of the fire. And then you go into the main restaurant, and everyone comes out and says hello to you, like you've walked past a pond with some bread and all the ducks come and they're excited. All the staff come up and said hello­
Ed Gamble: Danish for Hello is quack as well, so...
James Acaster: They were quacking at us! And then they sat us by the window as well. I think that's what I would like in the Dream Restaurant: is to be sat by a massive window! So it's not even... They have this as well at Tebay Services. The two best places I've ever been for a meal­
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: ­were Noma and Tebay.
Claudia Winkleman: Strong link.
James Acaster: Yeah. I want a huge window that is more window than wall and there to be a pond right by the window. And I can just look out at like the water. And I want to be able to see a sunset at some point during the meal.
Claudia Winkleman: This is good. I'm there.
Ed Gamble: So weirdly, when I was thinking of my Dream Restaurant, I was thinking of Kadeau in Copenhagen, but I didn't want to say it because I was worried I'd sound wanky. But now James has done that I'm going to hop on the back of that. Mine is Kadeau in Copenhagen.
James Acaster: Two tickets to Copenhagen, please.
Ed Gamble: I mean, absolutely, please. That is the first place I'm going to go when we can go to places internationally.
Claudia Winkleman: Me too!
Ed Gamble: Nice. See you there!
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah! Done. My husband is Danish, he'll be very happy.
James Acaster: Oh, yeah, that wet-mouthed motherfucker.
Claudia Winkleman: Dribbling dolphin...
Ed Gamble: Trying to say "quack quack" and spraying everywhere...
Claudia Winkleman: Disgusting, massive wet tongue... Nevermind.
Claudia Winkleman: I've got to ask you a question, if that's all right? And there's going to be sound effects and I'm excited. Still or sparkling water?
James Acaster: Do you know what, it's so exciting having it asked to us and having Claudia asking us...
Claudia Winkleman: James, what are you­ Do you always go for the same thing? What're you going to have?
James Acaster: Well here's the thing though. I'm worried because I actually haven't checked with Benito as to whether there's a secret ingredient for this episode. And normally, the secret ingredient is something that Ed and I as the hosts don't like. I know that you hate water. I'm now worried that the joke is: me and Ed get kicked out immediately in doing the water course.
Claudia Winkleman: No, there is no secret ingredient. That's only for you two to do. No.
Ed Gamble: I'm relaxed, I'm relaxed.
Claudia Winkleman: So I'm holding two bottles. Oh, do you like your view of the window with the pond and the 24 hour sunset, sir? What can I pour you?
James Acaster: Here's the thing. So if I had to choose between still and sparkling water, I'd choose still water and I think I'd be more excited if it had some cucumber in it and­
Ed Gamble: You appear to be eating in a spa, James.
James Acaster: Yes, well, I mean: (a) you drink water so... I don't know if you're eating a glass of water Ed, like a madman...
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but why put cucumber in it? Just makes everything taste like cucumber.
James Acaster: Oh yeah, that's the point of adding stuff.
Ed Gamble: Sorry, I didn't­ I actually said to myself before this I didn't want this to be a fight because I think James has excellent taste.
Claudia Winkleman: Let him live. He wants he wants a big pool and some cucumber water.
Ed Gamble: Okay.
Claudia Winkleman: And a foot rub.
James Acaster: It's a very profound point, Ed, to point out that when you add an ingredient to something it then tastes of that ingredient. And I agree that if you add cucumber, it'll taste of cucumber. I like the cucumber when it's sliced really long.
Ed Gamble: Oh, yeah.
James Acaster: When they do the diagonal slice.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, yeah. Gotcha. Gotcha.
Ed Gamble: Why do you prefer that?
James Acaster: Tastes better. Here's the thing. This is the only one where I was like, everything else on my menu I'm excited about. The water course, I really wanted to­ I wanted to nail every single part of this menu.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: And the water course, I was like: nothing's inspired me here. Haven't had a water somewhere that's really blown my mind. And I thought: I know who's hosting this. They might let me do an immediate loophole and just replace the water. I've said what I would have still or sparkling.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah. And we know that. And also, it's your show: loophole away.
James Acaster: But maybe if I crack open a can: Cawston, Cawston, Cawston Press. It's the water course and Cawston is the best.
Ed Gamble: He's written the song. He can't deny that. He wants a Cawston Press.
James Acaster: It's got water in it. To be fair, I've gone sparkling really. It's a mildly sparkling soft drink. Rhubarb Cawston Press with app­ It's got Apples in it. It's mainly Apple based, but then this is the Rhubarb flavour. I love it. I drink it so much. To me, it's like water. This is what my logic is. I love it so much that it has become a normal flavour to me. I wouldn't really pick it as my dream drink and stuff like that because I just drink it all the time. It's my water is Cawston Press. And so therefore, if I want to be excited about every element in this meal, I would want to sit down in a restaurant by the big window, see the pond, and the waiter just comes over and pours me, pours everyone on the table, a glass of Cawston Press from a jug and walks away.
Ed Gamble: And everyone goes: "well, this is a surprising start to our meal at Noma."
Claudia Winkleman: "Rhubarb?"
James Acaster: Yeah!
Claudia Winkleman: "I've come all the way to Denmark!"
Claudia Winkleman: Okay. I think, Ed, if there's no objection, I think that's okay.
Ed Gamble: Well, Claudia, I can't object because you'll find out why when I give you my choice of still or sparkling water.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh gosh, here we go. The only thing I want to ask you about the Cawston Press Rhubarb. Is that in a short glass or a tall glass, and does it have ice, and would you be wanting a straw? Just to really­
James Acaster: That's good.
Ed Gamble: Got to drill down.
Claudia Winkleman: I gotta drill. I'd like those details please.
James Acaster: Ice is a con, so I'm not having ice. You're not gonna get me that way.
Ed Gamble: No one's­ Again, that's a very James Acaster phrase: "You're not gonna get me that way." No one's trying to get you mate. Absolutely no one's trying to get you.
Claudia Winkleman: Just a chat.
James Acaster: Everyone's trying to get me on this. I'm not being tricked by the ice.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay.
James Acaster: Ice fills up the glass, takes up the space that could be used for Cawston Press. Unless the ice cubes are frozen Cawston Press­
Ed Gamble: Ooh.
James Acaster: ­which I'd be open to­ Actually that's what I want.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Yeah, that's what you want, mate.
James Acaster: Yeah, but I don't want cubes. I'd want the crushed ice that's made of Cawston Press: fill the glass up that with that, pour the Cawston Press on it. That's what I­ So there's a jug of Cawston Press in the middle of the table that I can keep on topping up my glass, but it's crushed ice that is made from Cawston Press.
Claudia Winkleman: But that's going to, that's going to bang into your teeth. Are you using a straw?
James Acaster: No.
Claudia Winkleman: No.
Ed Gamble: I've never seen you use a straw.
James Acaster: Yeah, I'm not really a straw guy.
Ed Gamble: He can't purse his lips, Claudia. He has an open mouth all times.
James Acaster: Do you know what, though? I would use a straw if it was one of those, you know, novelty curly straws.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, 'round the bend, or they said "Happy Birthday".
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah, I like watching that. That's really fun.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay.
James Acaster: So yeah, maybe I'd have one of those straws but­
Claudia Winkleman: Very happy with your answer. Are you delighted with that? Is that made­
James Acaster: I'm really happy with it.
Claudia Winkleman: ­the water course more palatable?
James Acaster: Especially the crushed ice, because I hate ice cubes. But then I remembered, I actually love crushed ice and I think it's really cool. So like, actually I'm really happy with that, especially if it's the same flavour as the drink.
Ed Gamble: I know what you mean, I think crushed ice is really cool. And I think it comes from when you go over to a friend's house when you're younger and they have that fridge with the ice machine on the front. And I think I only had, like, one friend who had that and I would just spend all day at their house being like, "Crushed ice or cubes? Crushed ice or cubes?" It's so exciting. And crushed ice was the coolest, because you see cubes every day, right?
James Acaster: Yeah, see cubes all the time. No one cares about them, but also I don't like a cube of ice in my mouth. It sometimes does that little screechy sound and that­
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah, do you know what I mean? Benito looks confused.
Ed Gamble: 'cause you can't purse your lips again so it just falls out, doesn't it?
James Acaster: Can't purse 'em, just falls out. Everything in this meal is gonna fall out my mouth. That's why I'm next the window.
Claudia Winkleman: With a bib.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: All right, I'm delighted with that if you are.
James Acaster: I'm so happy with it. I was worried that­ do you know what, I was really worried that I was gonna immediately get told: "no, you can't have that." Not by you, but by Edward Gamble -- and then I looked at him and realised: he's done the same thing.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: 'Course he has.
Claudia Winkleman: Ed, I've got to ask you then. So I've just put a big jug of crushed rhubarb flavoured fizzy water­
James Acaster: Ah yes.
Claudia Winkleman: ­would you like still or sparkling?
Ed Gamble: I'll have a pint of Guinness please. I can have water at home. I'm not going to my Dream Restaurant and kicking off with the water, I can have that out the tap. I'll have two litres of water before I go in to hydrate myself, I'll have easy access to a toilet, and for still or sparkling water: I would like a pint of Guinness, which they still recommend to drink after a marathon as the ultimate hydration tool with iron and other vitamins included. One pint of draught Guinness. I miss it so much. Thank you very much.
James Acaster: Brought up a marathon immediately.
Claudia Winkleman: I mean, I feel bad about letting the rhubarb fizzy water. The rhubarb Cawston world, whatever it is, seems to me water that has just of made eye contact with some rhubarb flavouring.
Ed Gamble: Sure.
Claudia Winkleman: Guinness? I'm going to ask you your drink later. No problem, that's coming up.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: That's like asking for a side dish for water.
Ed Gamble: It's not. It's still, it's a very hydrating liquid. It's delicious. It's better water essentially. Someone's made better water. Water is still the base of beers and stouts. So there's still water in there. It's still mainly water.
Claudia Winkleman: I have a question.
Ed Gamble: Please.
Claudia Winkleman: Is it not going to fill you up too much?
Ed Gamble: No.
Claudia Winkleman: I mean, I don't know what your menu is. It might just be Frisée lettuce and a tiny thimble of­ but a whole pint of Guinness, you're going to need to have a lie down.
Ed Gamble: No, I am extremely greedy. I do drink­ I was actually­ When I worked in a pub, I was accused by the landlord of drinking Guinness like water, so I don't know whether­ I'm gonna add that to my portfolio of evidence. I can swig Guinness, I can knock it back. I could drink four pints of Guinness before I start to feel full. But I would like one pint of draught Guinness, please, for my still ot sparkling water course.
Claudia Winkleman: James, how are you feeling about this?
James Acaster: Well, number of questions. Feeling a number of ways­
Ed Gamble: But you respect me massively, obviously.
James Acaster: Well look, I always respect you, no matter what. But that doesn't mean I like you. Here's what I've done, Ed, here's my question to you.
Ed Gamble: Go for it.
James Acaster: Any loophole that I've applied to my menu, my rule for myself was: I'm not doing any new loopholes­
Ed Gamble: Right.
James Acaster: ­ that we haven't had on the podcast before.
Ed Gamble: Right.
James Acaster: There are only loopholes that I've let people get away with on the podcast, so that we're playing within the rules. Claudia, when she was on, changed her water to, I believe, a soft drink -- so I was like right, I'm going with Cawston Press.
Ed Gamble: Sure.
Claudia Winkleman: Ah yes, I swapped it for a mug of macaroni cheese.
Ed Gamble: Yeah,
James Acaster: That was it.
Ed Gamble: So­
James Acaster: Okay. Well, in many ways the Guinness kind of has to stand.
Ed Gamble: The Guinness has to stay, especially if it's Claudia running this Dream Restaurant today. And she's trying to tell me I'm not allowed Guinness sat there with a steaming hot mug of pasta.
Claudia Winkleman: I just wanted to flag it up.
James Acaster: A water bottle full of pasta.
Ed Gamble: No, and you're right, you're right to flag it up. I knew it was gonna cause a discussion. But I think we can all agree: it's a great choice and let's move on.
James Acaster: How about this: when they finish pouring your Guinness­
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: ­when they're just finishing it on the tap, just getting to the end, draw the head there? What if they wrote in the foam: H2O?
Ed Gamble: I mean, I'd be impressed.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I'd be happy with that. If we're all happy to agree with that.
Claudia Winkleman: Look, I've got a question for you. So, this is a different day and it's you two talking to a guest.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: It's Dean Gaffney. He comes on and he says­ Because what happens with loopholes is they occur normally at the end. You know what I mean? You're 90 minutes in, everyone's jovial. Then you go: "Please can my side dish be a tiramisu?" and everyone's like, "Ah, get out of here! Bye, thanks for coming." To go in hard with I'm not having water is bold. And I'm just wondering, if you two are there: Gaffney, whoever it is -- I'm obsessed by him -- and he asked for that? Where are you going with that? As the creators, as the hosts of the show?
Ed Gamble: Well, if Gaffney asked for a pint of Guinness: so much respect to Gaffney.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Of course, because I'd be like, "Oh, damn it. That's what I would have chosen." We've not done my menu yet.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Fine.
Ed Gamble: I'd respect Gaffney for choosing a pint of Guinness, if he could argue it like I have. Like there's the marathon evidence. There's the, you know, the actual creation of Guinness. And there's also, let's not forget what the landlord said to me, Claudia at the Raynes Park Tavern.
Ed Gamble: Well he could drink four pints without even being full.
Ed Gamble: Well exactly. And I agree­ Look, I agree, it's a cheeky choice, but I think we're gonna have to let it fly.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay, all right. Guys, you have your beverages, you are in open brickwork, you are by a pond. Let us continue. I can't do it the way you do it, because­
James Acaster: Try. Try and do it.
Claudia Winkleman: No.
Ed Gamble: Try and do it, Claudia.
Claudia Winkleman: I just can't, I'm too old. Both of you, I could be your grandmothers. Sometimes you've just got to know your place.
James Acaster: I was so kind of, like... I've thought a lot about just this episode. And I thought... this is obviously 'cause of the pandemic, we've had to do it over Zoom. But for ages, it's been this thing where, you know, we might have to record this episode in person -- that's how it's always been in my head.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: And that someone will have to try and scare me by shouting "Poppadoms or Bread?" and make me jump. I was like, well we're doing it over Zoom so that's not gonna happen. And then, paranoid as I am, I started being like: what if Benito sorts something out where he pays my girlfriend to jump in and just shout "Poppadoms or Bread?" and I'm not expecting it.
Claudia Winkleman: I mean, James, look behind you. I'm gonna say it in a calm manner because I've got two baskets as I come over. That's just the situation, they're attached to me. They're attached to my hair. I've created plaits and then they go into two large baskets. One has bread in it. Lovely. Different assortment, your choice. The other one has got poppadoms.
Ed Gamble: So you're quite weighed down on one side, would you say?
Claudia Winkleman: It's a good point, but the poppadoms also they have a selection of dips ­
Ed Gamble: Right, okay, that's good.
Claudia Winkleman: ­ in quite heavy base ceramic urns. So I'm evened out. No problem. Seesaw has sorted itself out.
Claudia Winkleman: Ed, I'm asking you: what're gonna have?
Ed Gamble: It's bread, Claudia, but I'm being very specific about this. Look, I like poppadoms, but I think I only get a hankering for a curry once every six months.
Claudia Winkleman: That's all?!
James Acaster: What?!
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that is all. I'm not really like a­
Claudia Winkleman: Wow.
Ed Gamble: ­big curry guy. I did get the hankering about two nights ago. Had a lovely curry and very much enjoyed the poppadoms that came with it. But I'm never buying poppadoms outside of a curry hankering.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: So you know, I rarely have them -- I have them twice a year -- so I couldn't in good conscience choose poppadoms. Bread I have on a regular basis. I love bread. It's a lifelong love affair with bread. I absolutely love it. We're getting specific with this.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I think it's mad when anyone comes on and they don't choose garlic bread, because it's the best bread. I think it's a way of getting an extra side in for me, choosing garlic bread at this stage. And this is another more specific thing: it's garlic bread with cheese and Marmite from Yard Sale Pizza.
James Acaster: Wow.
Claudia Winkleman: I mean, I'm on board. Is it plaited?
Ed Gamble: It's not plaited, no. It's a flatbread pizza situation -- so it's basically the pizza dough, garlic butter, Marmite, and then cheese on top. And the way the Marmite reacts. Ah, it's just yeasty and sharp and with the­ Ah, with the mozzarella cheese and with the garlic butter. I order a pizza from Yard Sale, but I always order the garlic bread with Marmite and cheese, and I think that's my favourite bit.
Claudia Winkleman: Is it cut into triangles, or are you breaking off strips?
Ed Gamble: I think it is actually cut into, sort of­ Across ways, it's cut into thick strips, and then one across. So it's sort of, in half and then strips within the halves. And it's never done accurately because it's proper, you know, handmade stuff. They're not getting a machine to do that, so they're knocking it out. So obviously I'm straight in for the biggest bit.
Claudia Winkleman: Biggest bit but also middle bit -- extra cheese -- or do you like the slightly charred round the outside?
Ed Gamble: I like both of those bits. But I normally go for the middle bit with the extra cheese in the middle first, because I'm a big cheesy boy.
James Acaster: What kind of bread is it?
Ed Gamble: It's like dough. It's just like flatbread basically.
James Acaster: Like pizza bread?
Ed Gamble: Well, yeah. I mean, you know, it's dough.
James Acaster: I'm very surprised at this.
Claudia Winkleman: What you're doing here is: garlic bread is often in -- I'm going to use a word, the C word -- Ciabatta, isn't it?
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: That's what you have. Or like a french stick­
Ed Gamble: ­or a baguette?
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, thank you, a baguette. And then it's sliced and in it goes. And then suddenly, we're in doughball world.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: You don't need to comment on them. Where that's a different kind of dough. And that's what you're talking about. But it's laid out flat and is more artisanal.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's like a garlic pizza bread, but it's very thin, very crispy, apart from the middle which is a little bit soggier because there's extra cheese and extra butter, like you say, so there's a range of textures within that. You're going all all around the world there. And it is just phenomenal.
Claudia Winkleman: Talk to me about the ratio. How Marmitey is it? Or are you just using it for the yeast?
Ed Gamble: You know the Marmite's there. You can taste that Marmite, but of course it's not thick. It's a thin spreading of Marmite, just for the flavour but you know it's there. The garlic still punching through though.
James Acaster: Surprised.
Claudia Winkleman: James, are you immediately -- like I am -- sitting there thinking: "I can't believe I didn't choose that, because it sounds outstanding"?
James Acaster: Oh, it sounds outstanding, but I've never eaten it before. It'd be mad if I changed my order to that now.
Ed Gamble: Are you surprised, James? Why are you surprised?
James Acaster: We've talked about garlic bread on the podcast in the past, and you said your favourite garlic bread is the baguette sweaty garlic bread. It's the best.
Ed Gamble: It is but­
James Acaster: So when you said garlic bread, I immediately imagined that. And then you said with cheese and Marmite on it. I was like, that sounds absolutely brilliant. And then you said it was pizza bread. And I was like, so "Oh, you have a little Marmite and cheese pizza?"
Ed Gamble: Well, I've always­ I think this is my favourite garlic bread. Generally, my favourite form of garlic bread would be the baguette, the sweaty baguette. But this, specifically, I don't think anywhere else does this. So this is only Yard Sale Pizza. And I always had in the back of my mind that I'm choosing this. So I
think maybe when garlic bread has come up recently on the podcast, I've sort of maybe not talked about this deliberately because I knew I was gonna bring it up.
Claudia Winkleman: Saving it.
James Acaster: Saving it. Interesting.
Claudia Winkleman: In a Rolodex.
James Acaster: It's like, you know, an actor in the MCU. Just doing an interview and thinking: "Don't mention it, don't give 'em any spoilers. Can't do it."
Claudia Winkleman: Don't give it to them.
Claudia Winkleman: James, I've got my two laden baskets.
Ed Gamble: What's this gonna be? I don't know what he's gonna go for.
James Acaster: I would like to know what Ed thinks.
Ed Gamble: The thing is, I think you probably talk about poppadoms more than you talk about bread. I know you like bread, sure, we've shared some wonderful sandwiches, but­
Claudia Winkleman: Adorable.
Ed Gamble: I think you're possibly gonna go poppadoms here.
James Acaster: Interesting. So the whole reason why Poppadoms or Bread even exists in the podcast, because people sometimes have a go at us for it. And they're like, "why those two options?" and blah, blah, blah. We have let people choose other things. But like, you know, it's basically anything that you would be offered at this point in the meal. But the reason it exists is 'cause, you know, every time I've been out for a curry, and they've bought poppadoms out, I've been so excited and so delighted that the
poppadoms are here, and I've never really felt like that when they bring the bread out before. Normally when they bring the bread out pre-meal, I'm like: "Oh God, now I've gotta resist eating this now otherwise I'm gonna spoil my meal." And then if it's nice, like: "Urgh, now I'm just going to eat this, and I know I'm gonna be too full later." But with the poppadoms I'm like: "I can't wait to smash them. I can't wait to use all the dips." In general, I like poppadoms more than I like bread. And so I wanted to ask guests this, because I wanted to know who agrees with me. And every time they say poppadoms, you can hear that I'm a bit more happy. I always do a little bit of a celebration, because I'm really happy they've chosen the poppadoms and I like getting to ask the same questions over and over again about the poppadoms. I love it. And the best place I've ever had poppadoms is a place in Edinburgh, where me and my friends we stayed in the same house for three or four years and just a few doors down was Kathmandu Namaste, a great curry house. And we would go there and the poppadoms they do there, while they're in the fryer they fold them up somehow, as they're frying up. So that you get like a little triangle, like a cone. And it's just even crispier than a normal poppadom. And those are my favourite poppadoms in the world.
Claudia Winkleman: They sound amazing.
James Acaster: However, I'm going bread.
Claudia Winkleman: You were describing a love affair, and I was in. Were you in, Ed?
Ed Gamble: I was in the cone. I was in the middle of the cone. I was naked and I was covering myself in mango chutney.
James Acaster: Or listen­
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: But this is the thing: I'm doing loopholes that other people have done and I don't know­
Ed Gamble: Are you doing a loophole for every course, mate?
James Acaster: No. I don't know­
Ed Gamble: Okay.
James Acaster: Might be. I don't know if anyone's done the loophole: poppadoms and bread before. I don't know if we've let that slide. I don't mind, I don't mind if I'm not allowed it.
Ed Gamble: I don't know. Especially after your big chat at the beginning about how you're only doing loopholes that other people have done. And you're trying Poppadoms and Bread which you're not sure anyone's done before, and I don't think they have.
Claudia Winkleman: No, and also the key thing when you shout it is, if you don't mind me saying, the word "or".
James Acaster: Yes.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: So I don't mind not being allowed it. If I have to choose Poppadoms or Bread, I'm going bread and it's a very specific bread, because there's this one bread that has won me over. And weirdly, as well, the guy who made it he's, you know­ I had the meal, it was delicious, and he said to me "big fan of the podcast" and I went "well I'll tell you this mate: I've always thought in my head that I'd always choose poppadoms if I was doing Poppadoms or Bread. That bread you gave me at the start, that has knocked off poppadoms for me." and then he did a little happy dance, that guy did.
Claudia Winkleman: I bet he did!
James Acaster: Very happy about it, so­
Claudia Winkleman: Jovial!
James Acaster: It was at a pop-up restaurant, next to The Dairy, Ed. In, what's that, Clapham?
Ed Gamble: In Clapham, yeah.
James Acaster: It was next door to that.
Ed Gamble: The Dairy is now shut, by the way.
James Acaster: Yes, Rest in Peace.
Ed Gamble: But I believe that they've now opened in Bermondsey, and they called the Bermondsey Larder.
James Acaster: Definitely go there then, because delicious food. It was open at this point, when I went to the pop-up next door and the pop-up didn't have a toilet so you had to go in The Dairy to use the toilet. Lovely to be in there, lovely to pop in. It was called Alter -- A-L-T-E-R -- that's how you spell Alter. Tiny little place. And straight away, you sit down. And he gave us, it was basically -- so similar to Ed's in a way -- pizza bread. So there was these fingers of bread, which were basically like pizza crust that he had made, but like the fluffiest airiest pizza crust, and he had dusted it in this homemade rub or spice. You know, just a mixture of herbs and spices that made it taste exactly like the most delicious pizza.
Claudia Winkleman: Wow. But it's dry?
James Acaster: It's dry. So the dusting is just completely dry and it's this pizza crust finger, all covered in this dust that tastes exactly like a pizza with this dip.
Ed Gamble: I'm looking now, I think that they've now got an actual restaurant as well. Shout out.
James Acaster: Is it still called Alter?
Ed Gamble: Yes. So yeah, it's still called Alter. And now on Leman Street in Whitechapel. There you go.
Claudia Winkleman: When you had a bite of it­ I'm just saying this for me, I just need to know a bit more. If I was tasting something that tastes like pizza, I'd be so depressed that there wasn't melted cheese.
James Acaster: Oh right, yeah yeah yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Do you know what I mean? I'd be looking for the SOG.
James Acaster: Yes, well, I felt like I was in­ if Willy Wonka has got a savoury cousin...
Ed Gamble: He does, yeah.
James Acaster: I felt like I was in his savoury factory and he'd gone: "This bread tastes just like a full pizza" and you taste it and you go: "It does taste­ It's like eating a pizza!" And because you're not tasting all the cheese and the sauce and stuff like that, it's even more of a magical experience. You're like, how am I tasting this when it doesn't feel like it in my mouth? I was disappointed that I had to share the bowl of pizza bed with my girlfriend. I thought, I could just sit here and eat all this to myself. The dip that was with it was very nice. Think it might have been an aioli? A-O-ali? Whatever it's called.
Ed Gamble: I mean you were definitely closer the first time.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Rather than I-O-ani.
James Acaster: I think there was some sage. Some, you know, crispy sage leaves in there.
Claudia Winkleman: Can I just say: this has got to be some extraordinary bread to beat poppadoms. That's why I'm taking this deadly seriously. Are you, Ed?
Ed Gamble: Oh, I am absolutely. I mean, I'm also completely rapt as well because I want to try it so bad. I think James has described it wonderfully. I love that he's transported us to a savoury Willy Wonka's factory, presumably Billy Bonka, and I want to go there and I want to eat those little sticks.
James Acaster: If I was to like, do my top 100 poppadoms or breads, it would be this number one, and then the other 99 would all be poppadoms.
Claudia Winkleman: Got ya. I hope he hears this, that you ate one of these, did a star jump and said: "just so you know, if anyone ever asks me: this wins." And it has.
James Acaster: This wins and I was so happy with it. And you know, it was really difficult. In the notes, I was looking at it and going like, this doesn't represent me because it makes me sound like a Bread Boy and I'm a Poppadom Pal. But I'm going for it.
Claudia Winkleman: So be it.
James Acaster: Yeah, I would love to have that bread again.
Claudia Winkleman: Also after 99, you can change it if you want. I mean, it's now set in stone for the next 100, but­
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you're a Bread Boy for 100 episodes now. Yeah.
James Acaster: Also, may I ask: Me and Ed are sitting at the same table, right?
Claudia Winkleman: 'course you are. But you just have different views.
James Acaster: Yeah, that's fair. That's fair enough.
Claudia Winkleman: I've created -- Ed's side: brickwork, loud, spaced-out, atmosphere.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: You: pond, sunset, huge window.
Ed Gamble: Lovely.
James Acaster: Well, I would like to try Ed's as well.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh, that's lovely.
Ed Gamble: Oh, yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Of course you can.
Ed Gamble: We can dip into each other's.
Claudia Winkleman: You're great friends. This is the way of the world. You're in your Dream Restaurant.
James Acaster: Thank you very much.
Ed Gamble: Can I say quickly, my Honourable Munchion was: I was going to try and forego bread altogether and have deep fried olives from Spuntino.
James Acaster: Oh he loves them.
Claudia Winkleman: I've never heard of a deep fried olive.
Ed Gamble: So Spuntino is no longer. I miss Spuntino a lot, it's no longer open. It's a Russell Norman restaurant, who runs Polpo and all of those restaurants. I think they do them at Polpo as well, but they're green olives stuffed with an anchovy, breadcrumbed, and then deep-fried. And they are the saltiest thing you will ever eat and absolutely phenomenal.
Claudia Winkleman: Delicious. Also -- good with your pint of Guinness, right?
Ed Gamble: Exactly, perfect with my pint of water.
Claudia Winkleman: With your still water.
Claudia Winkleman: Here's a big question. Because I often think this is the most exciting part, right? You're in, you're flirting, you got your Guinness, you got your rhubarb drink. You've had­ Both of you have had some pizza. You look across each at other and you go: "Ah, here comes our first course!"
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: So, James, what would you have?
James Acaster: Pass.
Ed Gamble: No, don't you dare do that.
James Acaster: I'm just joking, Ed, don't­
Ed Gamble: I can't even take that joke.
Claudia Winkleman: I panicked.
Ed Gamble: I'm not even having that as a joke. I would have gone, I would have left. The whole podcast! The whole podcast would be over.
Claudia Winkleman: Stop it.
Ed Gamble: I could not do a food podcast with someone who passed on a starter.
James Acaster: He didn't even laugh!
Ed Gamble: It's not funny. Because it's not funny.
James Acaster: He didn't even laugh at my joke. He carried on looking, he didn't even look at the camera. He looked down at his desk and he was like: "No."
Ed Gamble: Yeah: no, not having it. And if you'd passed, I would have got double starters. And then I would have left the podcast.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Wow.
James Acaster: Now, there are some Honourable Munchions here. Shout out to Prawns and Watermelon on the Rich Man's Yacht in Sydney.
Ed Gamble: Of course.
Claudia Winkleman: Wow.
James Acaster: Mae Martin chose it as her starter because she was on the yacht as well. The Rich Man made­ well, his wife -- she was down in the galley -- made us the prawns with the watermelon and the lime juice squeezed all over it. It was absolutely delicious. I loved it. If this was a banquet and not a meal, they'd be on the table.
Ed Gamble: Because it's the Honourable Munchion, maybe you could see the Rich Man sail past on the yacht on the pond­
[all talking at once]
Ed Gamble: [as Rich Man] "You sure you're not tempted?"
Claudia Winkleman: You lean forward, you're holding on to the brickwork and opening the door, and using one of my bread baskets -- now empty -- to catch the prawns and watermelon.
Ed Gamble: Still, it's actually a hair, weirdly.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah, he can be on his boat. Another shout out is the Keralan fried chicken from Kricket.
Ed Gamble: Of course.
James Acaster: Now, I absolutely love it. But the only reason it didn't make it in the list is because I've never had actual Keralan fried chicken from Kerala before. And I have to assume that that is the best Keralan fried chicken in the world. And so, what stops me shouting out the fried chicken from Kricket is that I kind of know there must be a better version of that dish out there somewhere, and I really want to try it. And I nearly chose, as my starter, Keralan fried chicken from Kerala, which I've never eaten before.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but that's the true dream, right?
James Acaster: But I ended up going with something that I have had before, and that is the Tomato and Basil 3.0 from Atelier Crenn in San Francisco.
Claudia Winkleman: Can you just tell us a lot more because, as far as I'm concerned, you've just gone -- you've chosen -- this is it for another 100 episodes?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Some tomato.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's very much what I feel like as well, Claudia. I'll be honest.
Claudia Winkleman: I'd have been open to you just having some tomatoes on the table. You know what I mean? With the flowers, just tomatoes, lemons, like sometimes they have in France? Big knife, some lemons.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Now I'll be honest, I'm also gonna cut in and say: I was worried with my menu that I was being too specific and it wasn't necessarily accessible to everyone who was listening to the podcast. And now all of my worries about that have been wiped away.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh no, James has beaten you on every level: a folded poppadom that we'll never try, some chicken from a... insect? Continue.
James Acaster: So, if we're kind of in Savoury Wonka-town again... Well, I'm revisiting Billy Bonka.
Ed Gamble: Thank you.
James Acaster: So, Atelier Crenn is, I saw it on Chef's Table, the Netflix documentary series. And there was a -- I don't know if you remember the episode -- it's a French lady and her dad died and she writes poems for every single course... And you go in and it's the most pretentious, maybe the most pretentious episode of Chef's Table. And it's all like: poetry is on the wall, and the menu is written in poetry. It was a very pretentious place.
Claudia Winkleman: However, what she can do with a tomato...
James Acaster: What she can do with a tomato... I mean, it came out and they just said: it's Tomato and Basil 3.0. And I thought: "I don't really like tomatoes that much, like tomatoes are okay. I've had them my whole life. I've never gone crazy for a tomato. I don't, I'm not really that bothered." Oh my God, it was like every single­ They were small, but when I tell you what was on it, it will sound like it was a massive plate. Like a platter, but it was actually the classic small tasting menu plate. So there's raw tomato on there, sure, but like the best raw tomato you've ever had. Before I say everything on the dish: it was like I'd forgotten what tomatoes... It's like all my life I've been eating bad tomatoes that were just watered down and kind of all right. And then this was like, "this is what a tomato tastes like Acaster -- check this out." And it was like the most rich, just satisfying, exciting, vibrant, tomato flavours. It was like I was seeing colours and shapes when I was eating it. It was amazing. One of the things that was on was, like, tomato raisins were on there. They weren't actual raisins. They were tomatoes but made so it was like­ had the texture, the chewiness of raisins. They were like dehydrated tomatoes, I guess. Very delicious. There was melon gel. So there was a bit of melon on there, as well. There's melon gel and there's tomato gel. There's tomato confit, the raw tomato. I think there was some foam on there as well, some tomato water, which was again... Sounds delicious. It all tasted different, as well. So it was all like, here's every single­
Claudia Winkleman: It was a plethora!
James Acaster: ­ element of a tomato.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: Here's every every, like, there's tomato purée on there. Just like, it was like­
Ed Gamble: Ketchup!
James Acaster: ­ it showed you the full range, every brilliant flavour you could get out of this one thing, and it was mind blowing and the textures were amazing. And I just wanted to keep eating it and eating it, and I didn't expect it at all at the beginning. I was like, "Oh God, they've given us a tomato" -- and I knew she was big into tomatoes anyway. The chef, Chef Crenn, she loves tomatoes. And I knew that from the Chef's Table episode but... woo!
Claudia Winkleman: I just... I get it, you were in San Francisco, you were having a lovely time...
James Acaster: Tomato sorbet was on there!
Claudia Winkleman: But just to be clear: your Dream Menu? I just want to say this back to you, just so you can hear it.
James Acaster: I can hear it.
Claudia Winkleman: I get it: you were on a plane, you were holding hands, you were having a good time. "We have to go to this place, there's poetry on the walls" but you actually... your Dream Restaurant? This is your best ever? And I was nervous about the fizzy rhubarb beverage, but then you brought me back with pizza sticks. But what you're saying: it's a plate.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Tomato and melon gel. Tomato sorbet. Tomato water.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: I mean, have you had other things?
Ed Gamble: I'm gonna jump in and defend James here because I've not had that dish but I know exactly what he's talking about -- that when you taste something and the chef has worked magic and reduced something to its true components and made it taste the best it's ever tasted. I've had something probably slightly similar, there's a dish at Da Terra in Bethnal Green, where they do like a Tricolore Salad but it's with, like, tomato water and tomato oil and mozzarella and some, like, basil oil as well. And it is, it's phenomenal! You're like, "I've never tasted any tomato like this," and I can imagine­
Claudia Winkleman: I take it back.
Ed Gamble: ­it's absolutely fantastic. But yes Claudia, you're right when when you do boil it down. James has picked tomato as his starter, yeah.
James Acaster: Yes, but -- here's the thing -- your reaction, Claudia, is perfectly valid and is part of why it's so amazing! Because I was like you. I was like, "Oh, come on. I don't want a plate of tomatoes." And then, you're like, "Oh, that's the best thing I've ever had as a starter." And so if you ate it, you would say, "Guys, can I redo my 
Claudia Winkleman: No.
James Acaster: That's a dream team.
Claudia Winkleman: 'Course.
James Acaster: I would choose tomato and basil over tomato and cheese. I think it's absolutely amazing.
Ed Gamble: Well, I was defending you, mate. So what're you playing at?
James Acaster: Yeah, apologies.
Ed Gamble: Thank you!
Claudia Winkleman: So, I like the fact that it was this magical moment in time, and it blew you away ­
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: ­ and I'm happy for you to have that as your starter.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: You're gonna be hungry though. Because so far you've had [drinking sounds] bit of rhubarb water...
James Acaster: There it is!
Ed Gamble: There it is!
James Acaster: Took you a long time to get there.
Claudia Winkleman: ...a tiny little stick of non-cheese pizza bread with a tiny bit of garlic dip...
James Acaster: It's a bowl. It's a bowl of loads of sticks of pizza bread.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay, fine. And then a cherry tomato. I mean, I'm just­
James Acaster: And then a bunch of tomatoes and a whole load­
Claudia Winkleman: Okay, sure. Tomato raisins.
Ed Gamble: You've got to admit, James, you're hungrier than me at this point. Bearing in mind, I've had a pint of Guinness and a pizza.
James Acaster: Sure, but I'm always hungry. I'm pretty much always hungrier than Ed.
Ed Gamble: That's true. I don't like to be hungry.
James Acaster: Also, in previous episodes before -- this has mainly happened we've got chefs on -- we've let people have a drink for every single course.
Claudia Winkleman: I don't want to argue with you, it's your podcast.
James Acaster: I would like with my starter­
Claudia Winkleman: Tomato soup? Tomato?
Ed Gamble: You'll notice how I'm not objecting at all.
James Acaster: Because someone's done the same thing. But we haven't even talked about this, we've not conferred. But­
Ed Gamble: No, not at all.
James Acaster: ­of course, we've both got a drink. Although this is where Ed might get annoyed me throughout the meal, I'm not sure. My drink with my starter: I would like the South American smoothie from Tropicana in Melbourne.
Ed Gamble: Oh my god, James. You're talking about going to, like, a high end tasting menu restaurant and eating this delicate tomato flavour and then you're having a tropical smoothie with it?!
James Acaster: Have you have you tried the smoothie, Ed?
Ed Gamble: I've not, but it doesn't go with that stuff.
Claudia Winkleman: It doesn't go with the delicate­
James Acaster: I'm having it afterwards. I'm gonna eat the starter and then­
Ed Gamble: No, you need to have it with it. If you want to order drinks with every course, you have to pair them with that course.
James Acaster: Okay, yeah, I'm fine with that.
Ed Gamble: That's got to be the rule.
Claudia Winkleman: He's happy, he wants it. What is in this smoothie? Why is it so magical?
James Acaster: No one knows what's in it, because they won't tell anyone.
Ed Gamble: Tomato.
James Acaster: Tomato and Basil. It's a secret, but it tastes like a giant Raspberry Petits Filous. It's delicious.
Claudia Winkleman: I love Raspberry Petits Filous.
James Acaster: It's the best smoothie I have ever ha­ But it's also got some flavour that's absolutely incredible that I can't put my finger on what it is...
Claudia Winkleman: Sugar?
James Acaster: Oh, there's definitely sugar in it. Sure. I mean, I would hope the chef has put sugar in every single one of my foods that on this list. If any of these dishes don't have sugar on, I'm walking out. Well it's one of
the best drinks I've ever had -- I could drink it every day -- but as it is, I've only had it twice. When I've been in Melbourne and if you do go to Tropicana in Melbourne, then you've got to get the South American smoothie, not the South American juice.
Claudia Winkleman: Right.
James Acaster: I made that mistake once.
Claudia Winkleman: How thick is this smoothie?
James Acaster: Pretty thick.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay -- but you're gonna need a straw for that, just going back on­
James Acaster: I will need a straw for that one and that's fine. Love slurping it up in the straw. It does have a kind of fromage frais-y kind of element to it. It does. I wouldn't be surprised if they're chucking Petits Filous in there. And there's loads of fresh fruit in there as well. They definitely are juicing fresh fruit into it.
Claudia Winkleman: Have you thought about these as individual dishes, or the whole meal? Because you are in Rhubarb, Tomato, Pizza and now Petits Filous world -- and I'm just checking everything's fine...
James Acaster: Everything's great. This is­ This is amazing. I'm having the best night of my life.
Ed Gamble: This is him at his absolute best, Claudia.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay, I just wanted to confirm that you're happy­
James Acaster: Yep, I'm looking out at the pond, I'm waving at the Rich Man.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, shucking a watermelon. Okay, that's your first course: the most beautiful tomato dish you've ever had in your life. And I think we're all convinced, it's amazing. Followed by quite thick raspberry yoghurt smoothie that somebody's gone to get you from Melbourne. Fine.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: Ed, what is your first course?
Ed Gamble: I am having something that I only discovered fairly recently, but have had it a few times since then. So, obviously meal kits: big at the moment, what with lockdown.
Claudia Winkleman: Sure.
Ed Gamble: A lot of restaurants, a lot of people doing meal kits. I am absolutely obsessed with oysters, always have been. I love oysters, but I was always very militant about: always raw oysters, I don't like cooked oysters -- until I had this. This is from a food delivery thing called Decatur. They are a, sort of, New Orleans­style thing where they send you crawfish boils or shrimp boils -- we can't get crawfish here. But the other thing they do is they send you Oysters with a Pecorino Butter, which you put the Pecorino Garlic Butter on to the Oysters and then you chargrill the Oysters. And I do them on the barbecue and they are phenomenal. They send you so much butter and you put all this Pecorino Butter on to the top. You put the Oysters on the Half Shell on to a very hot barbecue. The butter goes into the fire, it bubbles up, it chargrills the sides. You just cook the Oysters and then you get a spoon and you slurp it out, wipe it around with a little bit of bread and it is phenomenal.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay.
James Acaster: He sent me a photo of these.
Claudia Winkleman: When you were putting your menu together, if you love oysters that much you just knew you had to have them and this is in the best formation...
Ed Gamble: This is the best way to have oysters. I mean yes, I have some Honourable Munchions: quick shout out to the Tamworth Belly Ribs from Hawksmoor, the Korean fried chicken from Bone Daddies, and just a general Meat and Cheese Platter -- those are all things I considered. But I'm going with the Decatur Chargrilled Oysters with Garlic Pecorino Butter.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay. I mean, both -- if you don't mind me saying, not in a bad way -- quite fancy. Quite chic. A tomato ensemble.
Ed Gamble: I do need to add in that I will be having that with a Gin Martini made with Harris Gin with four olives in it. Thank you.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh my goodness.
James Acaster: Deep fried olives?
Claudia Winkleman: So you're hammered, right?
Ed Gamble: Oh I'm hammered.
Claudia Winkleman: You've had a pint of Guinness.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Suddenly you're covered in pizza because you've just rubbed it on your torso.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: Then you're playing around with some oysters­
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: ­but that makes sense. And you want a martini.
Ed Gamble: Oh, and I want a Harris Gin Martini. Thank you very much.
Claudia Winkleman: With four olives. Done. I'm very­ I'm happy with you both. What I love is there's absolutely no crossover on any level.
Ed Gamble: No, there isn­
Claudia Winkleman: A tiny bit of pizza bread.
James Acaster: Yeah, course.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I would also say I'd like­ Obviously it's a dream because someone else will be shucking the oysters. You do have to shuck them yourself and I've bought an oyster knife. I think I always knew I was destined to buy an oyster knife.
Ed Gamble: But I have -- every time I've done this -- I have spilt blood. So I would like someone else to shuck for me, please.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay. Well yeah, this is being brought to you in exposed wall area, next to the pond. Don't you worry, it's all being brought to you. How many would you like: 12? Six?
Ed Gamble: Last time we did it, we -- me and my fiance -- bought 24 Oysters so we had 12 each. So I will have 12.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay, and did she love them as well?
Ed Gamble: Oh, yeah, she loves them as well -- otherwise, I wouldn't have bought 24. I would've­ Actually I would have done and I would have had 24.
James Acaster: Yeah, come on. Let's not­
Claudia Winkleman: What does she think of your whole menu? Is she happy with it?
Ed Gamble: I showed it to her yesterday and she said it sounds nice, but it's completely different to what she would pick.
James Acaster: Good news, though -- all the more for you. When Ed made those oysters, he sent me a photo of them and the photo did look incredible. Like, that photo was so good I'm surprised it didn't end up on my Honourable Munchions for my starter. It looked delicious, those­ the oysters.
Claudia Winkleman: This is­ Like, if I had a trumpet or if I could play the trumpet, I would right now be blowing it because­ And if I was there, I'd put the baskets down but I would come out and make some sort of proclamation -- because this is the big one. We're farting around. We're having a nice time. You've had a bit of bread. You've had a couple of drinks. You've had a smoothie. You know, everything's fine -- but this is it. When you say to your girlfriends or your parents or your siblings or your best friends: we're going out for dinner. Big plate. Main course. Ed, what're you having?
Ed Gamble: That's what we say. Okay, this was -- for me -- I think, the hardest one. Although I don't have any Honourable Munchions because I think I needed, for my own sake, when I picked this to reject all other ideas. I had to go with one thing, otherwise I would have spent too long picking it.
Claudia Winkleman: Also, can I just say one thing before­
Ed Gamble: Yeah!
Claudia Winkleman: I get that Honourable Munchions etc. slightly dilute the passion­
Ed Gamble: Sure.
Claudia Winkleman: ­one might have for their choice.
James Acaster: Sure.
Ed Gamble: I gave my Honourable Munchions with the Starter, because one of those things makes it on to the Main, because­ Is it a loophole? I don't know. What I've­ You know if you go to an American Barbecue restaurant, you can get a platter -- you can select all the meats you want, all the sides you want. They
put it on a cool tray. You feel like you're in prison, but it's nice. And you can just­ you can dig in. That's what I'm gonna do. And because it's a dream restaurant, I'm grabbing my tray, and I'm selecting my favourite barbecue meat dishes and vegetable dishes from different places that I've been that I love.
James Acaster: Global tapas.
Claudia Winkleman: Wait a minute, you're playing pick and mix. That's not a main course.
Ed Gamble: It is a main course. It's a barbecue meat tray.
Claudia Winkleman: It's a­ Yeah, but suddenly you're throwing in sides?
Claudia Winkleman: Let me­ Yeah, of course, because sides are included.
James Acaster: You're right, Claudia. You're right. However, again, loopholes within the podcast...
James Acaster: Get it.
James Acaster: Ed's gone global tapas and we've let someone do global tapas before.
Ed Gamble: But this is more coherent than global tapas, because it's still a barbecue meat tray. Still, everything's of the same type. So, let me talk you through it. You can tell me afterwards if you have any issues with it.
James Acaster: May I say before you say it: I'm so happy you've done this because­
Ed Gamble: Yeah?
James Acaster: ­this is basically an Honourable Munchion for me.
Ed Gamble: Ah great, I'm very happy that I could make some of your dreams come true with this, James.
James Acaster: Thank you.
Ed Gamble: I would also say, I don't think I've had the best barbecue in the world because I've not been to Texas. If any TV commissioners out there would like to commission me for a travel show where I go and try barbecue in Texas, I'd be very on board with that.
James Acaster: Solo show? Presenting that on your own?
Ed Gamble: No, you can come. Okay, so I'm having Beef Brisket and I'm having that from Smokestak in London. That is the best barbecue restaurant in London, ever since Shotgun Barbecue shut, which was on Carnaby Street. Smokestak is phenomenal. I'm having brisket from there. I'm having the Tamworth Belly Ribs from Hawksmoor, they're going on there as well: pork belly -- incredible. I'm having the Beef Ribs from Pitt Cue in London. It's now in the City, I think, used to be where Ugly Dumplings was Carnaby Street again. Am I having­ No, I'm not going to have the sausage. I'm just going to have the brisket, the pork belly and the beef ribs. And then I'm having a range of sauces including The Rib Man Bacon Holy Fuck sauce. Few vegetables: I'm having the Cauliflower Shawarma from Berber & Q -- absolutely incredible. It's a chargrilled cauliflower, and they put this tahini sauce on it. It's amazing. That's going on the tray. And then, I'm not gonna go wild with the sides because that does feel like cheating. But I am gonna have some cornbread and I am gonna have some pickles, including the Pitt Cue Pickled Shiitakes from their recipe book, which I made the other day and they're phenomenal. And on that tray, I'm also having a bourbon: a Pappy Van Winkle bourbon. Thank you very much.
Claudia Winkleman: I mean, I've got to allow it because it feels cohesive. He wants meat­
Ed Gamble: Thank you, that's what I was trying to say.
Claudia Winkleman: ­ and he wants it on a tray. And that's what he wants. He's probably going to eat it with his hands. I'm not an expert.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: You know, he wants to. He's tucking in. He's got open brickwork. There's some ivy trailing down. He's sitting opposite one of his best friends. There's a pond. And he wants a big old tray of meat.
Ed Gamble: I want the restaurant, as well, to stink of meat, Claudia. I want it to be smoky and stink of meat. I want my clothes­ I want to have to throw away my clothes in the bin afterwards.
Claudia Winkleman: Chuck them in a skip.
James Acaster: I'm more than all right with this. However, actually­ I'm not completely alright with it.
Ed Gamble: Oh, dear.
James Acaster: I would like to add something to Ed's plate.
Ed Gamble: Oh, please.
James Acaster: Best beef brisket I've ever had was at Pecan Lodge in Dallas.
Ed Gamble: I'd love to go there. I'm very jealous that you've been there.
James Acaster: If I may say to the waiter: "Excuse me, can you send that over to the man at the table and tell him it's from me?"
Ed Gamble: If we can­ Yeah because I've not been there, I didn't feel like I could add it to my dream meal, Claudia, but because my dining companion has been­
Claudia Winkleman: I'm happy for that to be in the middle, yes.
Ed Gamble: Yes! I've got double brisket!
Claudia Winkleman: Double brisket!
James Acaster: The beef brisket from Pecan Lodge was one of my Honourable Munchions. I was in Dallas for two days and I ate there twice.
Claudia Winkleman: Indicative.
James Acaster: Because the first time I went there and had the beef brisket. At that point, it was the best thing I'd ever tasted and I was going absolutely gaga. And then, I went there the next day and I had it again.
Claudia Winkleman: Ed, all I'm saying is the cauliflower­ I'm interested in your side dish -- we'll come on to that later -- but that is a side dish. I mean, just as one of your guests... I took it all very seriously, like... I know we ended up with the mug situation, but that feels... not the cornbread, I'm just saying it.
Ed Gamble: Look, I kind of agree with you. If we're looking at the tray and we're looking at what's cohesive and what fits: my argument would be that Berber & Q is a fantastic grill barbecue Middle Eastern restaurant, where they cook everything over an open flame -- so that's where I thought it fitted. But if you would like me to lose that­
Claudia Winkleman: No, I can't. I can't do it to you, because of your little face. You suddenly looked about four. I can't. Have it, have more cauliflower. Grill him. Somebody get an open flame.
James Acaster: Also we've let people in the past do full­
Claudia Winkleman: Of course.
James Acaster: We've let people do: a full breakfast, a full roast dinner­
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, yeah.
James Acaster: ­for their main course, you know.
Claudia Winkleman: What?!
Ed Gamble: I'm just happy to have given it a shout out, you know. It's­ The tahini sauce is just incredible. And also, I've picked Pappy Van Winkle bourbon because it's the Dream Restaurant and it's so expensive, Pappy
Van Winkle. I've only tried it once, in a bar in New Zealand, because they had it and I thought: I'm away, let's splash out. But if you wanted to buy a bottle of Pappy Van Winkle, they only make so much of it every year and it's thousands of pounds.
Ed Gamble: They sell them on­ They, like, auction them off. I mean, I'd be just as happy with a Bullet -- a Bullet bourbon -- but the Pappy Van Winkle for the Dream Meal, please.
James Acaster: Question, Ed?
Ed Gamble: Please, James.
James Acaster: Are you happy if, on this occasion, we change the name to Claudia van Winkleman?
Ed Gamble: I would be more than happy! That bottle would be worth even more, because there's an old man on the front normally -- Pappy Van Winkle -- and I want to see Claudia on the bottle instead.
Claudia Winkleman: I want an old man who doesn't touch water on the front then. I think that sounds like a very thrilling Main course.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: I think you'd be excited about that. Yes, you've had your pizza and your Guinness, but it's all about­ Just you wait, what's coming... Seven people have to carry it in. Brisket away. Here's a bib. Let's go.
Ed Gamble: I've not considered quite how bad I'm gonna feel at this point. I think in my Dream Restaurant, I can't feel full or ill.
Claudia Winkleman: Yes.
Ed Gamble: Because by this point, I'd be on the floor.
Claudia Winkleman: 1:Yeah, I think that's important. Of course. I started with Toast and Marmite, Mac and Cheese. I mean, you've just got to have your very favourite things. So I think that's fine.
Ed Gamble: Yes, exactly.
Claudia Winkleman: James.
James Acaster: Hello.
Claudia Winkleman: You nodded when Ed said this was the hardest one to come up with. Was this the hardest for you?
James Acaster: Really difficult. And I was surprised, I thought Dessert was gonna be the hardest. I bet Ed thought Starter was gonna be the hardest.
James Acaster: But actually, that was fine. Again, it's like, you know, I've had more­ I've enjoyed poppadoms more than I've enjoyed bread -- and yet bread is what I went for. I've enjoyed Desserts more than I've enjoyed Main course, and yet I probably had­ No, it's the other around. I'd say Dessert's my favourite out of the two, but I've probably had better Main courses­ I've had so many good Main courses, and it was really hard.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I did.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
James Acaster: To narrow it down. Brisket from Pecan Lodge is in my notes as a shout out, as are the Skate Wing Tacos from KOL, which me and Ed had together.
Ed Gamble: Yes!
James Acaster: Where they just bring the Skate out, and it is so perfectly cooked that you get a fork and you're just combing the fish off the bone. It just comes off. Just combing it off, and then making the tacos yourself. But what I've gone for -- and I think it's a combination of things -- if this is ever on the menu anywhere, I'm ordering it. So just as a dish, it's one of my favourite dishes. But also, when I had it at this particular
place, it's just a lovely memory and one of the just nicest dining experiences I've ever had. I would like Beef Wellington from Ron Gastrobar in Amsterdam.
Ed Gamble: Oh yes!
Claudia Winkleman: I think that's a brilliant choice.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it really is! Beef Wellington crossed my mind as well. But the one... I had a really fun one at Bob Bob Ricard. But generally you're right: Beef Wellington, if it's on a menu you've got to go for it.
James Acaster: I love it so much.
Claudia Winkleman: Why was this one so particularly good?
Ed Gamble: Because he was having a breakdown.
James Acaster: Uh-huh.
Ed Gamble: 'Cause you were having a breakdown?
Claudia Winkleman: Very stoned? I love you.
James Acaster: Ed's one is right. Your one is fictional, for a laugh. Ed was actually completely on the nose. But like, it was a nice moment during a bad patch in my life. So like, I'd had a bad... a bad year. An entirely bad personal year. And then I'd gone to Amsterdam at the very­ in January, the following year, to hang out with my friend who lived there and also work on some music with him, for some fun. But I was staying with him and his girlfriend. I was very aware that they were not having any time alone, because I was around all the time. So one night, I was like: "Hey, I'm going to go out for a meal tonight. You know, you guys can have me out of your hair for a bit." And I just basically just googled, you know, best places to eat in Amsterdam and this Ron Gastrobar place looked good. Also, I wanted it to be roughly an hour, an hour and a half walk because I wanted to have a proper walk. I hadn't explored enough. Actually I had, I'd been cycling around and I'd fallen off my bike. But I wanted a walk.
Claudia Winkleman: 1:I feel bad.
James Acaster: It was awful. I went around a corner and it was just ice, and the bike just wasn't there anymore. And I was like, "this is really going to hurt". But I had my iPod in my pocket and I really didn't want to fall on my iPod, because I didn't want my iPod to break -- so I chose to land on my knees. Just directly on my knees. And then continued to cycle around, and then I was thinking about how much my knees hurt so much I got lost.
Ed Gamble: They don't make iPod Classics anymore, but you can get knees.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah. Get new knees, can't you? Doesn't matter. Walked an hour and a half to this place.
Claudia Winkleman: In January?
James Acaster: In January. Got there. I mean, one of my favourite meals I've ever had as well, alongside Noma. For just memorable meals, the whole meal. You know, the bread there nearly made it in. Actually the butter, was the best butter I've ever had for the bread. They brought out whipped butter with tiny bits of, like, puffed pork scratchings in the butter. And it was so good, like, you know, I'd probably have that butter on the table for my bread course as well, if I was allowed that.
Claudia Winkleman: That's fine.
James Acaster: I order the Beef­ I was really hungry. Ordered the Beef Wellington and the waiter warned me and said, "This is for two. This Beef Wellington is for two." I was like, "Yeah, I'm ordering."
Claudia Winkleman: Quite the year, mate. Bring it.
James Acaster: Yeah. "Believe you, me, sir. I'm having that Beef Wellington." And I did not regret it. It was just the most delicious­ And like, Beef Wellington's, like, you know... I think there's something about a Beef Wellington -- and I think I've told this story on the podcast before -- but when I was first in New Zealand, I was on a tour with a bunch of other comics. And we stopped at this one place to have a meal. And we ordered a Beef Wellington between us all and it was so good. And afterwards, one of us said, "I'd really like another one of them" and most­ We were all English apart from one guy who was Australian. And the rest of us were, like, almost fantasising about: "what if we ordered another one? Ah, wouldn't that be a nice world..." and the Australian guy went: "well let's order another one." We were
like, "We can do that? Didn't even cross our mind to do it!" And he just was like, "Yeah, we're ordering another one." And the second one was even better than the first because we were like, "We're living life! We're doing it! We ordered two Beef Wellingtons!"
Ed Gamble: I think that might be an Australian thing, you know?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I don't know if I've told this story on the podcast before. The Australian comedian Damian Clark has completely changed my life. When we flew­ We were flying to Dubai to do gigs, and it was 10 in the morning and the air hostess came 'round. And went: "Would you like a drink?" And I went, "Oh, no, thank you," and Damo went, "whiskey and coke, please." And I went, Damo, "what are you doing, it's 10am?" And he went, "never say no on a travel day!" It completely changed my life. Now: whenever I'm flying anywhere, whenever I'm doing international travel, I never say no.
James Acaster: And do you always think of Damo, every time?
Ed Gamble: I always think of Damo saying, "never say no on a travel day."
James Acaster: Yeah, like that kind of stuff, when someone else does it and you go: "Of course!"
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: "We should be doing that!"
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: So, when the person said, "this Beef Wellington is for two," I was like, "You don't know me, mate."
Claudia Winkleman: "What's your point?"
James Acaster: 1:"Tom Gleeson taught me: always have two Beef Wellingtons, so... that'll be two please." And it was the best Beef Wellington I've ever had. The one that I had with the comics New Zealand is a very close second. It was incredible.
Claudia Winkleman: But this one, describe­ Rare beef? Crisp pastry?
James Acaster: Perfectly cooked, but­ Basically, with a Beef Wellington, I want it that if you took the Beef out of the Wellington: on its own, it would be an incredible steak.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: You don't want it to just be like: where the beef's a secondary thought, it's about the whole dish, and people will just, like, they'll like it, who cares? The steak on its own would have been one of the best steaks I've ever had. There's this amazing beef, rare, delicious. The sauce -- and it's always like the surprise, kind of, like star of the Beef Wellington is the sauce. But then, I guess that's where you get a lot of the flavour from, but just the mushroom... I think it's like a mushroomy kinda sauce round the­
Ed Gamble: Duxelles, I believe the word is.
James Acaster: Oh, that was exquisite. So flavorful. That was what I was mainly thinking about on the walk home. And the pastry, perfectly flaky golden pastry on the outside. And I took a photo of it. It was my phone wallpaper for months on end. I just look at it all the time and think about how delicious it was, how much I loved it.
Ed Gamble: Can you believe that the year that James had Beef Wellington as his phone wallpaper wasn't the bad year?
Claudia Winkleman: That's exactly right. No, but it was a magical night. It was the beginning, it was­ something new was happening.
James Acaster: Yeah, I felt something new was happening. I didn't order dessert because I was full. That's like, you know, amazing -- that one of the best meals I've had, well, I didn't order dessert. But as I left, they just handed me a mini ice cream ­
James Acaster: 1:­ that I wasn't expecting, just on the way out the door. They're like, there you go. I was like, "Oh my god. Look, my life is really turning round here."
Claudia Winkleman: Oh!
James Acaster: James remembers things like that, like that would have affected James a lot. Being handed a mini ice cream, he would have gone back to his friends and gone: "And they handed me a mini ice cream!" And his friend would have been quite rightly like, "Oh yeah, that sounds nice." And then the next morning James would have got up and gone: "Did I tell you, they handed me a mini ice cream?"
Claudia Winkleman: Can I just reiterate here­
James Acaster: We went to New York. We went to New York beginning of last year and we've been previously. And the previous trip, James spent all day going: "I'd really like a hot mulled cider." Just all day, kept saying that. And then we were in a shop, looking at some coats or something. And the woman who work there came over and went, "Hi, we're doing some hot mulled cider today -- would you would you like a mug for free?" and James was like "What?!" But didn't stop talking about it for the rest of the holiday, like just kept going: "Do you remember? Do you remember? I said I wanted cider -- and then a woman gave me cider!"
James Acaster: It was in a clothes shop! You've got to understand. We'd been in loads of pubs, where I'd said, "I hope they do hot mulled cider here," and they never did. I was like, "oh, they're never gonna have it." And then we went into a clothing store in the daytime and a lady came up and went: "Would you like a hot mulled cider?" Like this must be a weird dream I've having where I'm getting my location's wrong. But it wasn't! We didn't have to even buy anything from the shop, I just had a free hot mulled cider. Didn't even have to pay for it. And I walked out and I was so happy. I think about that all the time. I think about the free mini ice cream I had. On the walk home.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah?
James Acaster: I really needed a shit, because I had eaten so much food and it was like, I'm not going to make it home. I knew I wasn't gonna make­
Claudia Winkleman: It's an hour and a half.
James Acaster: 1:Yeah. I was like, there's no way I'm making it to my friend's house. And also -- if I do, I don't want to drop this shit in his house. Because I know it's going to be bad.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that sort of takes away from the nice gesture, doesn't it? Going like, "I'll leave you to have some time with your girlfriend," and then you get back and drop a massive­
Claudia Winkleman: No one wants to go in there.
James Acaster: Massive beefy shit for him. So like, I was like this is gonna be­ You know when it's in the chamber, but you can feel it. It's let you know?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
James Acaster: It's going: "I'm gonna be a bad one." And so I went in this pub­
Claudia Winkleman: "Release me."
James Acaster: I was like, "I'll do just a shit in this pub, I don't care." And I walked in and no one was in there, it's empty. But the owner was on the phone and he just watched me walk in, go to the toilet, be in there for longer than it took to have a piss, then come out. So I thought, "Oh, I feel bad now." So I went and ordered a drink and I asked for something local. And he poured me a sour beer -- I've talked about this on the podcast before, I think. I'd never had sour beer before and drinking that sour: it was the most refreshing, delicious drink I'd ever had at that point. And it was after this most amazing meal. And then I had this­ Suddenly was like, "Oh I love sour beer!"
Ed Gamble: Let's not beat around the bush, an amazing shit.
James Acaster: An amazing shit, an amazing walk, and then sour beer after it was so, so good.
Claudia Winkleman: I've never even heard of sour beer.
James Acaster: Ah, I've not had one that's been as good since. I've had a lot of sour beers since and actually, they're too much for me. The first mouthful's brilliant, and then it's like, "oh no, I can't drink this whole thing. I
feel sick." That one, whatever it was, and I don't even know the name of it. But that one from the pub I had a shit in.
Claudia Winkleman: Your favourite memory.
Ed Gamble: Do you want that with the Main course then?
Claudia Winkleman: I was gonna ask that -- because you were allowed bourbon. What are you having with a Beef Wellington? If you say a Tropical Smoothie, I'll burst into tears -- so think about this.
James Acaster: I think I do want that sour beer. From the pub. I had other ones written down. Yeah, I'm gonna go for that. I'm gonna go for the sour beer, because I think that whole experience of the Beef Wellington, and then that sour beer on the way home... Those two things were life changing. So yeah, I've got to go for it. That's the dream team.
Claudia Winkleman: If you don't mind me saying: two brilliant, brilliant main courses.
James Acaster: Oh, yeah?
Ed Gamble: I think it's a testament, as well, to James that I would happily sub out my Main course to try his as well.
James Acaster: And Ed's chosen an Honourable Munchion of mine.
Ed Gamble: There you go.
James Acaster: And I've added my Honourable Munchion to his dish.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, there you go. You just threw something in. You've got your Beef Wellington, your sour beer, you're by your pond. There's still the Rich Man tossing up watermelon and prawns. You've had some tomato, you've had a tropical smoothie. What do you want on the side, James? What do you want on the side?
James Acaster: 1:This was also quite difficult actually. Honourable Munchions: the vegetarian version of the rice cakes from Mission Chinese in New York. I think Ed would probably prefer the meaty ones, the more smoky ones.
Ed Gamble: The triple cook bacon one.
James Acaster: Yeah, but I prefer the vegetarian one. I think that's one of the best side dishes that I've ever had. This is something else that we've mentioned on the podcast many times this next Honourable Munchion: Wasabi King Prawns from Tao Tao Ju -- circa 2016 to 2018, before they changed the sauce.
Claudia Winkleman: Love it. Quite specific and I'm into it.
James Acaster: When they changed the sauce. You know, I mentioned it on the podcast and then the next time I went in, the guy came over to me and was like, "How was the sauce?" I still order the king prawns, because I still live in hope they're going to be as good as they were back in the day. And he asked me how the prawns were. And I said to him, "they were nice. Have you changed the sauce?" And he went, "Aha! Gamble said we changed the sauce." And then he showed me on his phone, the podcast and I realised that he thought that Ed was me on the podcast.
Claudia Winkleman: No, that's hilarious!
Ed Gamble: So at least we can finally iron this out... If the man from Tao Tao Ju is listening, that's James saying you've changed the sauce. I do not believe you've changed the source.
James Acaster: Well, he confirmed they'd changed it to me.
Ed Gamble: Alright. Okay, I believe you changed the source, but I don't care.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, you're still happy.
James Acaster: It gets an Honourable Munchion, but it'd have to be 2016 to 2018. But my Side Dish is the Berkswell Pudding from Aulis in Soho.
Ed Gamble: 1:Oh yes!
Claudia Winkleman: Wait, what is it? Talk me through it. Ed's so happy he's fallen off his chair.
James Acaster: I was sitting next to Ed when I first ate it. A perk of doing the podcast -- Simon Rogan came on this podcast and then invited us to his Soho restaurant for­ It was an evening when they were trying out some new dishes, right Ed? Stuff like that.
Ed Gamble: I think so, yeah.
James Acaster: And you know, me and Ed have been lucky enough to be invited to a couple of those by chefs who have been on the podcast. And often it's like, the guests are a top chef, a top food critic, and then two idiot comedians -- who are finishing all of their wine, every single course. And the chef will occasionally sneak us some extra stuff, because we're going absolutely crazy for it.
Ed Gamble: We're basically on the kids table.
James Acaster: Yeah, going "whoa!" and making those noises [unintelligable] And everyone else is like, chin stroking and stuff. Like, heads are spinning. It was a mouthful -- just a single mouthful, if you're greedy boys like us -- and it was, I guess, a Bread and Butter Pudding but savoury with, like, this cheese? Berkswell cheese?
Ed Gamble: I think it's Berkswell cheese, yeah.
James Acaster: It's amazing cheese through it and the bread is like croissants, right?
Claudia Winkleman: Wow!
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's like croissant dough type stuff. I mean, it is phenomenal and it's one little cube, and it's very rich. So I think they do one little cube because that's all you need really, if it's part of a big meal, but like James says we're very greedy. So the chef Tom Barnes -- shout out to Tom Barnes -- had to sneak us an extra portion each across the table, which was difficult because it's very much an open kitchen scenario. So everyone saw him doing it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, people weren't happy at the end of the meal when they discovered we'd had two of those. They were like, "what?!"
James Acaster: But it sounds delicious!
James Acaster: It melts in the mouth.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
James Acaster: And it is one of those food experiences where­ Yeah, like nothing was happening inside my head. It was just me going:
Claudia Winkleman: Holy moan.
James Acaster: It made me close my eyes and out loud vocalise how amazing it was. And I was glad there weren't many people in there, and it was just a few of us at a table because if it was a big full restaurant, everybody would've gone like, "When Harry Met Sally over there on that table? What's going on?" I would have happily -- if they said, "and that's all you're having tonight, constantly one after the other we're just gonna bring these out."
Claudia Winkleman: You'd have gone: "fine."
James Acaster: I've have been like, "Yep, sign me up for that."
Ed Gamble: It's got some really weird stuff in it, as well, that you know, I'm sure it all contributes to the taste, but I would never go: "Oh, that's what I liked about it." So it's got birch sap on it. I'm just looking at up now. It's like trufflely and it's soaked in like birch sap. And then they grate the Berkswell cheese over the top.
Claudia Winkleman: It sounds amazing. You had me at croissant dough.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: So good.
James Acaster: Yeah, again, I'd eat that every day. Yeah, if it was available. I'd eat it every day. Once a day -- I wouldn't want to like, you know, go too nuts -- but it was just so good. And I've only had it that once, you know.
Claudia Winkleman: Which makes it even more special.
James Acaster: So yeah, a lot of these are things that I've had once and I haven't, you know, I haven't been able to go back and have it again. And I really­ I just think about it so much and I really want to eat them again.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay.
Ed Gamble: I was very lucky that one of the chefs at Aulis, Oli Marlow, sent me the Aulis home meal kit. And I noticed on the website that an optional extra is to add that Berkswell Pudding. And he brought the meal around, but it was delicious. It was so good. And I opened the bag and there was no Berkswell Pudding in it and I thought for a second about getting him back and complaining -- but then I realised it was a lovely gift and you can't really do that.
Claudia Winkleman: "This is all well and good mate, but­"
Ed Gamble: Yeah. "Where's the­"
Claudia Winkleman: So that's a very successful Side Dish, James. And Ed, you'd be happy -- maybe I'd bring over enough for both of you.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, please.
James Acaster: I just realised two things. One is that I said I'd never had any of these things more than once, but the Beef Wellington I went back a few days later and got it again. And I brought my friend with me -- that was the excuse -- and the waiter came over -- and it was a different waiter than the one I had before -- and the waiter came over and he immediately said, "So, you're the person who had the Beef Wellington to themselves the other day?" So that'd got around the kitchen. Also, with my Side Dish, I
would like a Rosé Smash from Hoppers to drink -- a delicious cocktail from Hoppers. It's got Rosé Vermouth in it. And again, one of those inexplicable flavours. I'd really struggle to­ I mean, I'd guess it's just the Rosé Vermouth is the main flavour in it, what it tastes like, but I haven't tasted anything like it anywhere else. It's a real, can't put my finger on it flavour. It comes in a lovely cold metal cup, and it's probably the best cocktail I've ever had anywhere.
Claudia Winkleman: Wow.
James Acaster: I really love it. It's delicious. I want that with my Main course. You know, I mean, I'm thinking that, maybe, the Rosé Smash -- 'cause you brought up, you know, what would go better with stuff -- maybe would have gone better with my Starter. And then maybe, the fruit smoothie I would have with my Side.
Claudia Winkleman: Drink.
Ed Gamble: ­the Drink, which -- I guess we're having individual drinks with all of the courses and another main Drink that's being brought to us throughout the Meal. Is that right, James?
Ed Gamble: I tell you, what I like about this is I didn't know we were going to do a drink with the Side Dish as well -- because then obviously after the Side Dish, we're coming on to­
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: He's going to fall into the pond. Ed?
Ed Gamble: Okay, Side Dish. Again, a fairly recent thing for me. There is a Chinese restaurant in Clapton called Lucky and Joy it is an absolute delight. I've got delivery from there multiple occasions in the last year or so. And one of their side dishes that they're known for, one of their dishes are simply called Sesame Noodles. I've picked this because it packs such a sesame punch.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: It's cold as well and I thought a cold side dish might go nicely. They're egg noodles, but with a sort of creamy sesame sauce. It looks very simple. It is very simple, but it tastes absolutely delicious. I love sesame flavour and this is just the perfect side dish for me. But I am going to have it with a little bowl,
on the side, of crispy chilli oil that I can use if I feel like it and it's specifically Lao Gan Ma Crispy Chilli Oil -- it's the jar with the lady on the front.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay, I­ Do you know what? I've had cold sesame noodles before -- I'd forgotten -- they were the best thing I've ever eaten. I only had it once in New York and they have it a lot­ And they're just freeze­ They're, sort of, not freezing cold -- they're almost peanut buttery and sesame and just­
Ed Gamble: Yes! Yeah -- exactly, exactly. They're so good and I always feel like ordering just that from them, but they have some amazing other dishes. But I do just want to call them up and go, "Send me the biggest vat of sesame noodles you can­"
Claudia Winkleman: Bathful.
Ed Gamble: And I'll maybe add a little bit of chilli oil to it. Just a bathful of those sesame noodles. Incredible. I don't have a great story surrounding it about how I had a hard year. I had a great year, because I was eating sesame noodles.
James Acaster: He's had a lot of great years, Ed has. Again, I'm very happy that Ed has chosen­ because, like, I love sesame as a flavour -- think it's so good and underrated. People forget it a lot. People forget how good sesame stuff is. And I'm just glad it's made an appearance on Ed's menu. I haven't been able to put it into mine. Yesterday, when I was doing my cook-along with my mum.
Claudia Winkleman: Adorable.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
James Acaster: We used sesame oil and I told my mom a story that I was like­ I told her the story about sesame oil and was like, "If the Great Benito was here, that'd get edited out of tonight. She was like, "I hadn't got any sesame oil myself, but the recipe says sesame oil..." So I was like, "I've got sesame oil, mum! Actually, it's funny, you know, when I first moved to London, like, over 10 years ago, I had that Jamie Oliver cookbook and the first thing I learned to cook from it had sesame oil in the recipe. I had to go out and buy all the ingredients and I bought sesame oil and it was the only oil I had in the house for a while."
James Acaster: That was the story, it was me going­ Me saying to her, "because, I said it was the first time I'd ever bought oil, mum! So like, I actually thought that sesame oil was, like, that must be the main oil and will
be in loads of my meals. I didn't know that olive oil and sunflower oil were, you know, people liked more... Vegetable oil, you know? Sesame oil's actually quite rare, isn't it?!"
Claudia Winkleman: The brilliant thing about mums is she loves you so much she would have been fascinated by that story, and might have told one of her friends today. "Oh I did a cook-along with James, I'm very proud of him. He's wonderful. After that year he had when he ended up with the Beef Wellington, turned him around... You're not going to believe the only oil he had in his house!"
James Acaster: "James used to think that sesame oil was the main oil? Did everyone know that?"
Claudia Winkleman: "Such a success, you wouldn't know! We're doing a cook-along next week."
Ed Gamble: God, shout out to Roast Brussel Sprouts. Yeah, just general shout out to Roast Brussel Sprouts and shout out to the Xian Bing dumplings from XU in Soho, which is a wonderful Taiwanese restaurant, but they do a little pork dumpling which is almost in like pastry. It's like a pastry dumpling, it's like little pie with minced pork in it, which is phenomenal. And that is one thing I will always double order because my fiancée will always be like, "We've ordered too much food again." I'd be like, "Well, I'm gonna prove you wrong: I'm gonna eat all of this and then I'm going to order more of those."
Claudia Winkleman: "'til it comes out my ears."
Ed Gamble: Yes, exactly. And to drink with that, please, I would like a Little Bastard wine.
Claudia Winkleman: What's that?
James Acaster: Ooh.
Ed Gamble: It is a wine. It's by a producer called Staffelter Hof, a German producer. It's Riesling and Muscat blend, I believe. Maybe Sauvignon Blanc in there as well. Me and James first had it at the other fancy chef thing we were invited to, by a wonderful chef called Santiago Lastra who runs KOL, who make those Skate Tacos. And he had a house in Acton, which he turned into an industrial kitchen to test dishes in and would host dinner parties there. And we got invited there and he said, "this is­" It's the first time I'd had natural wine, I think, and he said, "This is Little Bastard wine." I've never tasted anything like it. It's kind of sweet. It's got, like, a lot of stone fruit flavour to it, but it's a Riesling so it's very good with spicy Asian foods. That's why I'm putting it with these noodles and now I'm obsessed with it. Most wines I will have
and be like, "That was delicious, I'll move on and try some other wines." This is a wine I buy on a regular basis. I got Nish Kumar into it. Nish Kumar now buys magnums of it and drinks them by himself.
Claudia Winkleman: Everything's fine, guys. Everything's fine.
Ed Gamble: Everything's fine. It's fairly low alcohol. It's like 11%, like, some natural wines are lower alcohol, which is why I like them because you can properly guzzle them. So I would like a chilled Little Bastard with my Sesame Noodles, please.
Claudia Winkleman: Done!
James Acaster: Again, we were sat in the kids table on that as well: me, Ed, and Professor Green.
Claudia Winkleman: I don't mean to be down on anything, but I feel like you've drunk a lot. So now I'm going to ask you -- but this is the restaurant where you can't get too hammered, you can't get too full, you're in your dream restaurant. There's the pond, there's the brickwork. Everything's fine, good atmosphere, spaced out, happiness, sharing site. What is your drink, Ed? I'm asking you.
Ed Gamble: Well, I love red wine. I think red wine is probably my favourite drink. So, we're going with red wine. I am not too specific about grapes that I like. I like a heavier red wine normally. I would probably say a Californian Cabernet Sauvignon is the way to go, because I also think I've had a lot of nice Californian 'Cab Savs', if I may -- I will -- because they remind me of good times, especially holidays with James actually. Like even, like, we went to America at the beginning of 2020. We went to New York in 2017. And we ate in some nice restaurants and we had some, just some lovely tasting Californian wines. And I don't have a specific one that I want. I just want that. I mean, I like Pinot Noir, I like Beaujolais, I like all that sort of thing -- but just a fruity, jammy, oaky, tobacco-y, Californian Cabernet Sauvignon, and I will have the whole bottle to myself. Thank you.
Claudia Winkleman: Done. It's been brought to the table. James?
James Acaster: I'd have been disappointed if Ed didn't choose that, to be frank. If he didn't choose a whole bottle of wine to himself, I would have been like, "right, who you're trying to kid? Come on Gamble." I am going to choose the first alcoholic drink I ever liked.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh this is excellent.
James Acaster: Because I didn't like alcohol at all for a long time. I didn't like getting drunk for even longer. It wasn't until my late 20s when I thought actually getting drunk's fun. But like, I just didn't like the taste of any alcohol. Then, when I was, I think, late teens, early 20s -- I could drive -- so the very small window of time in my life and I was driving. A bunch of my friends went to Newquay for, like, a holiday and I was going down just for a couple of days, just to see them all. And I went on the day that they went to a cider farm and I don't like cider now. I don't drink cider at all, because it was the first, I think the first alcoholic drink that I was, like, sick from. You know, I got so drunk I was sick and now I can never go near it.
Ed Gamble: I should say: the Mulled Cider in the clothes shop was how the Americans refer to Mulled Cider, as in: not alcoholic, just apple juice.
James Acaster: It was a warm apple juice and I loved it!
Ed Gamble: "Can't believe, the lady came up to me in the clothes shop and I'd been asking­"
James Acaster: Obviously I'm expecting that at my Dream Meal, at some point the lady from the clothes shop does come out and surprises me with the mulled cider.
Claudia Winkleman: She's right here, she's ready.
James Acaster: Yeah. So at any point during the meal, I would like the lady from the clothes shop to come out and just say, "would you like a mulled cider?" And then I can be amazed and tell Ed, "she's here as well, Ed, I'm going to get the mulled cider for free." But we went on this tour of a cider farm and this drink -- even though I don't want any cider again, for the rest of my life -- I would want this one. Throughout the whole tour they were giving us little samples of different ciders they did there and things like that. And none of it grabbed me, I didn't really care about any of it. And I was quite gutted that I'd visited my friends on the day that they decided to go on a boring tour of a cider farm. And then on the very last, the very last bit of the tour, they said, "and this is our vintage cider." And it was cider that was kept in whisky barrels, so that the flavour of the whisky gets into the cider. And I had the sample and again, just another: "well this is the best thing I've ever had." It's sweet but it's also got this, like the flavour of the whisky was really there. Like you could, it was­ It's not like, some stuff that gets kept whisky barrels and you drink it and go: "well, so what I can't taste whisky in it? Why have you even told me that?" The whisky had properly infiltrated the cider. And I love it so much that I then bought a load of bottles of it, more than I could have drank myself because I was like, "well, this drink is so good. I'll bring it back to my family." I was still living with my parents at the time. Went home, said: "I've bought you all bottles of
this vintage cider," everyone went: "we don't like cider." So then I had, like, 10 bottles or whatever. And because at the time I wasn't a drinker, I didn't -- you know, like going out and getting drunk and getting on it. So I just saw the cider, like I did any other drink.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh.
James Acaster: And I just had it for breakfast. Like, most mornings with my Weetabix and stuff, I'd pour myself a glass of this vintage cider, which was the most delicious drink I'd ever had. And it was so good, like, you know, really wakes the tongue up in the morning. And I've never been able to have it since, I don't even know what the name of the cider farm was. I don't know what the name of the­ I want that specific vintage cider from that cider farm in Newquay. I'm really gutted that I don't know. I've tried to Google it. I've tried to find, you know, I don't know if maybe there's some­ Maybe you'll have better luck than me. But it was the first time I ever liked alcohol and I never got drunk on it either. I never drank so much that I got drunk. I would literally just have it like I'd have a class of apple juice in the morning and then go about my day. I'm annoyed that I didn't keep the bottle, you know. Nowadays I'd probably keep the bottle with a label on it and be like­
Ed Gamble: Oh, take a picture at least.
James Acaster: Yeah. Yeah. Back then it was, I didn't have a camera phone. I would have been mad if I'd got my actual camera and took the photo of that bottle. People would have been like, "what're you doing?"
Claudia Winkleman: Guys, is it alright with you at this juncture­ I know you don't often do it at this juncture. I'm gonna read your menu back before you reveal the finale.
Ed Gamble: Sure.
James Acaster: Wow.
Claudia Winkleman: Shall we do it?
James Acaster: Yeah!
Ed Gamble: Let's do it.
Claudia Winkleman: Okay, James, your menu first. Cawston Press Rhubarb flavour in a jug, centre of the table. Crushed ice. No straws.
James Acaster: Yes, please. And the crushed ice is made of Cawston Press.
Claudia Winkleman: There you go. Then you went to a pop up restaurant which didn't have a bathroom. You went next door to something called Dairy, never mind that. You had Pizza Breadsticks that didn't have cheese on, but they blew your mind. On the table -- late addition -- you would like some whipped butter that you'd had at a different restaurant that made you cry in Amsterdam. You're gonna have the whipped butter -- there were bits of pork scratchings. Then, you are going to follow this with what can only be described as a celebration of tomato plate that you had in San Francisco. I don't know what else happened to you that day, what your night time shenanigans were like, but it's lodged in your head as the best thing you've ever eaten and we have to take your word for it. There was tomato sorbet, there was gels. There was tomato in every different shape or form. It suddenly introduced you to the world of tomatoes.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: With that you would like a Tropical Smoothie, not juice -- that's important -- that reminds you of a Raspberry Petits Filous, which can only be found in Melbourne. Deal?
James Acaster: South American smoothie.
Claudia Winkleman: There you go. Then you're gonna have a Beef Wellington -- where it was delicious, the sauce was delicious, you can have it for two if you want. Bring it to the table! The pastry crisp, outstanding. You'd like that with a Sour Beer -- you don't remember the name, but you did have it in a pub you had to stop at, because you were going to soil yourself.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: Then, on the side, you'd like a­ what can only be described as a savoury croissant bread and butter pudding that's covered in sap that was delicious. It's very rich. Let's call it a Berkswell Pudding. You'd like that on the side and with that, if anyone's still with me, you would like, as a beverage, a Rosé Vermouth cocktail that, as you say, is like nothing you've ever eaten before. Then, followed by this. So you've got tomato in there. You've got a smoothie. You've got some crushed ice. You've got some
pizza breadsticks, hold the cheese. You've got the Wellington. You've got the sour beer. You've got the bread and butter pudding, and then two portions, please. And then you'd like a rosé vermouth cocktail from somewhere called Hoppers or Hollies or­ Never mind, let's not focus on that. You would then like some vintage cider, which you used to drink with your Weetabix.
James Acaster: Also, at some point during that I'd like to be surprised by a mulled cider by the lady from the clothes shop.
Claudia Winkleman: Yeah, she's coming out regularly. Basically just to take your temperature. Before you reveal your pudding: Ed, are you ready?
Ed Gamble: I'm so ready.
Claudia Winkleman: I've led you to the table. You're meeting your friend. He wants to be next to the water. You want to be in somewhere with full atmosphere, but spread out. Atmospheric. There's open brick. You are going to start with a pint of Guinness, just drawn. Then you are gonna have a big thing of Pizza Bread laced with Marmite and Cheese, and you're going to tuck into that. And I'm happy with that. You happy with that?
Ed Gamble: So happy.
Claudia Winkleman: Good. Then you move into Oysters: they've got a special Pecorino Butter. You are not gonna shuck them yourself. Somebody's going to, come introduce yourself: they are gonna be your personal shucker for the night -- it's your Dream Restaurant.
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: You can have 12, you can have 24, you can share them with your friend. Go nuts. With your oysters, your plethora of oysters, you are having a Harris Gin Martini with specifically four olives, but you're not hammered. You're absolutely fine. You've had the Guinness, you've had some oysters -- they've soaked something up. As if. Then you're moving on to what can only be described as a meat feast: it's a barbecue tray that seven people have to hold. On there: you've got Brisket, you've got Ribs, you've got Pork Belly, you've also got some Cornbread, in case you're not full. And then you've also got some Cauliflower that's been barbecued, open flame, with tahini -- which doesn't totally fit, but we'll let you have it because it is yours. With that, you would like the bourbon that costs thousands and thousands of pounds -- but just a small glass of it. That's absolutely fine.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: I want to use the word Periwinkle?
Ed Gamble: The Claudia van Winkleman, thank you.
Claudia Winkleman: On the side, you're gonna have some cold Sesame Noodles -- because that makes sense. It goes well with it. No, it does. With some crispy chilli oil in a little dish and with that you would like some Little Bastard wine, which is like a wine you've never drunk before. It's blown your mind. You've drunk it. You've introduced it to somebody called Nish who's now drinking magnums alone. I think you should both call him after this. And then, you would like a heavy -- yet fruity -- but a delicious red wine. Preferably a Californian Cabernet Sauvignon. You've shared it together. You went to New York. You went to LA. This is the situation. Those are your menus. Is everyone happy?
James Acaster: Very happy.
Ed Gamble: So happy.
Claudia Winkleman: Great.
Ed Gamble: I feel like I've made a really good account of myself, for myself.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: That's the most important thing. You've got everything covered: meat, oysters, Guinness, Marmite bread, cold noodles, two different kinds of wine, bourbon, and why not throw in a martini? Good.
James Acaster: I've got a problem! I'm gonna have to look after my friend tonight after this meal!
Claudia Winkleman: Lockdown has been hard on us all. So what are you, Ed Gamble, having for pudding?
Ed Gamble: 1:Okay, so obviously the worry here is that if I do say cheese board, there's going to be some serious ructions!
Claudia Winkleman: I'm delighted with the cheese board.
James Acaster: How? Are you seriously even considering it?
Ed Gamble: Look­
James Acaster: I can't believe you'd be even torn.
Ed Gamble: Of course, look, I considered having a cheese board for my Starter to get it out the way. But then I thought: no, there's so many other things. I wanted the Oysters and also I didn't want to pick a cheese board straight away because then James would be relaxed. You know, then he's not hanging on tenterhooks.
Claudia Winkleman: And you want to end with cheese. You don't start with Gorgonzola.
Ed Gamble: Exactly -- you want to end with cheese. But then, when I was putting together my barbecue meat tray that has to be carried by seven people. I thought: "realistically, what's the worst thing to have after that?" And it's probably a plate of cheese.
James Acaster: Worst thing to have after anything, mate.
Ed Gamble: James, you're about to get your way here, mate.
James Acaster: Sorry.
Ed Gamble: Because so help me god, I will pick a cheese board if you annoy me. Even in this Dream Restaurant where I can't get full, I can't feel sick -- I wouldn't fancy­
Claudia Winkleman: A big hunk of Cheddar?
Ed Gamble: A big hunk of Cheddar after a big hunk of Brisket. I just don't think I could do it. It's too much fat, it's too much savoury fat. Obviously, it's a Dessert, I'm gonna have loads of sweet fat instead. This was harder for me than I thought it was gonna be. I have a lot of Honourable Munchions, including one that­ Claudia hates the Honourable Munchions?
Claudia Winkleman: I don't, but it takes away the thrill? It's like saying: "I will have sex with you, but do you mind if I just lick the neck of your four friends?" Like you've got to choose who you're having sex with.
Ed Gamble: Right?
James Acaster: Hey, some people are down with that.
Claudia Winkleman: But you go ahead.
Ed Gamble: It's 2021, come on. Including­ There's one in my Honourable Munchions, which I think James would have thought I might have picked as my Dessert. But I'm not gonna pick it because I was worried that he was going to pick it -- and as everyone who listens to this podcast knows: I hate ordering the same thing as other people on the table. I will often change my order if people pick the same as me, because I don't think that's the point of going to a restaurant.
James Acaster: Well Ed, let me tell you: it's also in my Honourable Munchions and it's not­
Ed Gamble: Oh my god, it didn't make it! So -- I mean that is a disaster, because­ What should I­ No I'm not gonna switch it. Honourable Munchions: the French Toast from Shack-Fuyu, my mum's Rhubarb Crumble with cheap vanilla ice cream, Peanut Butter Pie from Flavourtown, a plate of Colin the Caterpillar but only the faces and asses.
James Acaster: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: Love that.
Ed Gamble: 1:Pizza Express Chocolate Fudge Cake or Carrot Cake -- all in my Honourable Munchions. But the winner is the second visit to Hawksmoor in my menu: it's the Peanut Butter Shortbread with Salted Caramel Ice Cream. It is the first time I started going to restaurants properly and really discovered a love for restaurants. I went to Hawksmoor with some friends and I picked that. I don't think I'd really had peanut butter in a dessert very often. The shortbread's incredible -- it's got just enough peanut butter, but not super sweet peanut butter like in American desserts. And then the salted caramel ice cream is just an amazing way to top it off. I'm having that for my dessert -- and with it, I would like an Espresso Martini.
Claudia Winkleman: Why not? I mean, Ed, I'm so happy with your menu.
Ed Gamble: I would like an Espresso Martini because it's the perfect way to end a meal -- especially if you're going on somewhere else or walking home. Just to give you­ I think I'm gonna need that boost to get out from under the table at this point.
Claudia Winkleman: Good. I think that you've chosen excellent pudding, excellent. I've never had it, but I'm going to.
Ed Gamble: Thank you. I mean it's fantastic. That's been always been on the menu at Hawksmoor. It's so, so good and I couldn't get through this menu without a shout out to peanut butter. I eat peanut butter every day. I love it.
James Acaster: Yeah. Also I've never­ Ed always talks about Hawksmoor, always recommends it. I've still never been.
Claudia Winkleman: I've never been!
Ed Gamble: Oh mate.
Claudia Winkleman: And I hear it's amazing.
James Acaster: I kind of wouldn't want to go without Ed, at this point. I'd want to go and be Ed's guest.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you're welcome. You're very well.
Claudia Winkleman: 1:When lockdown ends you two should go and post photographs. James, you've had tomatoes, just a bevy. You've had whipped butter. You've had rhubarb drinks. You've had Beef Wellington. You've had rosé vermouth. You've had vintage cider. You've had a pudding made of croissant dough. How is this ending?
James Acaster: If we both have an Honourable Munchion that's the same, can we get it for the table?
Claudia Winkleman: I feel like we've broken so many rules. You, at this point, have both had about 10 drinks each. Do it, if you both -- if you really need it.
James Acaster: So I'd like to order the Shack-Fuyu French Toast for the table please.
Ed Gamble: Thank you James.
James Acaster: So that we can both share that. A lot of Honourable Munchions here for me. The headline of the Honourable Munchions would be something I had at Noma and I'm hesitant to say it because I think Claudia is going to go nuts and be a bit angry about this because it sounds­
Claudia Winkleman: I won't.
James Acaster: It doesn't sound like it would taste nice.
Claudia Winkleman: Tomatoes.
James Acaster: Crispy cod skin in white chocolate.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh stop it.
Ed Gamble: James, can I just say, no one expected this? I'm supposed­ I'm like the slightly snobby food guy, right? Who talks about high-end stuff a lot and memories of going to Michelin star restaurants. You know, and I worry about that sometimes, especially on a podcast that's supposed to be for everyone to be able to listen to and be able to try the things we talk about. You have basically­ There's Michelin stars absolutely coming out your arse on this menu. I'm really, I'm taken aback.
James Acaster: I've got to be honest about what has tasted the nicest that I've had.
Claudia Winkleman: No, I think you do.
Ed Gamble: Look, absolutely you should be. It's just surprised me that you're the guy doing it.
James Acaster: Sometimes we get people on this podcast: food critics -- and there's only been two of them -- but at some point, they'll always make a point of, like, saying the best food they ever had was something from like, you know, a greasy spoon cafe. And I'm sitting there going, "Horseshit mate, absolute bollocks. You've eaten at the best, most high-end restaurants in the world. There's no way that­" I'm going to call out Grace Dent on this. I think she said chips from a chip shop with curry sauce on it is one of her­
Claudia Winkleman: She's not wrong.
James Acaster: Oh, it's nice! But of the best things that Grace Dent's ever eaten? I was like, "Yeah, okay, pull the other one, Dent." The rest of my Honourable Munchions for this are not as­ 'Cause I tell you, that cod skin cooked with white chocolate is amazing. I'd also shout out Smash from Norway, Marks and Spencer's Pineapple Tarts that Simon Rogan told us to have, Banana Jam Pie from Chin Chin, Banana Pudding from Magnolia Bakery in New York, Chubby Hubby Ben and Jerry's ice cream, Trader Joe's Frozen Banana slices, and any giant toasted marshmallow
Claudia Winkleman: I like it.
James Acaster: They're my other Honourable Munchions, but none of these are my Dessert. And I nearly tried to do it that I was having all of them. I nearly tried to do it that I would have the Global Tapas of Desserts, and just have all of them together 'cause I thought desserts are my thing. And again, maybe I was thinking about the listeners too much, Claudia. I was thinking, they really expect me to go big on desserts and maybe I should just choose all of them.
Claudia Winkleman: But that's a cheat!
James Acaster: It is a cheat, and it's also dishonest­
Claudia Winkleman: It's dishonest!
James Acaster: ­ because I wouldn't want all of them.
James Acaster: No, correct.
James Acaster: I would like: a cake that my flatmates made me in 2018. 2018: I was lucky enough to have a stand-up show of mine on Netflix.
Ed Gamble: He'd had a bad year, Claudia...
Ed Gamble: I'd had a bad year, the year before...
Claudia Winkleman: Back from Amsterdam.
James Acaster: It was the first day that the specials had gone on Netflix, and so we had a little viewing party at the flat and my flatmates made a cake. Oh my God, this cake -- I think about it all the time. I couldn't stop eating it all week. Every time I got home, I would have some of this cake and it was so delicious that I didn't care about­ My barometer for desserts is that the enjoyment of it has to completely get rid of the guilt of eating it, so that I don't care about the repercussions: I don't care if it's shaving however much time off my life. It's so delicious and I would eat it all the time, because it was that good. It was a triple layer cake although each layer was the same, but it was like, it was chocolate cake with freeze dried raspberries in the batter. In between each layer was a salted caramel cream. On the outside of the cake was a white chocolate ganache.
Claudia Winkleman: What?!
James Acaster: And then that was covered with­ On top of that was fondant icing. And then, on the top of it they had very professionally done a microphone in fondant and the Netflix logo in fondant -- and it was very impressive. It tasted so good and I would like that with a side of my mother's homemade peanut butter slice cream that she makes, which is her homemade versions of Reese's peanut butter cups in a really, like, double, triple quadruple cream ice cream. Very rich. When my friend Graham tried it for the first time, he had a mouthful and he looked at me and went, "I'm gonna die." So you can feel it clog up your arteries as soon as you eat it. That's what I would like. I would like the whole cake, not just a slice of it.
Claudia Winkleman: No I get it, you like big things brought to the table. You like the big jug.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Claudia Winkleman: You know, you'd like­ You want: the whole cake with a server. You can share it with your friend, Ed. You can look out across the pond.
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Claudia Winkleman: What are you drinking?
James Acaster: With Salted Caramel Thick Shake from Sweet Mother's Kitchen in Wellington­
Ed Gamble: Oh my God...
James Acaster: Circa 2014, because I think they changed the recipe to that thick shake later on. But the first time I went to Sweet Mother's Kitchen in Wellington and had the Salted Caramel Thick Shake, again, it was a massive drum of it and I just drank the whole thing 'cause I didn't care if I was gonna die as soon as I drank it, it was so good that it just made all of life worth living. Loved it.
Ed Gamble: Oh, we are so greedy -- like, this meal is gonna end with me absolutely shit faced and you just buzzing off your tits on sugar.
James Acaster: As it should.
Ed Gamble: It's perfect, really. We're gonna have to go for a swim in the pond.
Claudia Winkleman: But you're in the Dream Restaurant -- so you're not gonna get too full, you're not gonna get too drunk, and you might just have a little tiny bit of brisket. "Thank you so much, ooh just a little sip of Guinness. Oh, thank you. More than enough. I've got lots of things­"
Ed Gamble: No. That's never happened.
James Acaster: Here's something though, Claudia, that I would like to propose before we move on.
James Acaster: Before we wrap up. Ideally, if I'm sitting down with my friend Ed and we're both eating our Dream Meals. At the end of dessert, I don't just want to go home. I would like us to be able to get up from our table. Go over, sit by the fire, maybe. And this is­ I'm not saying this just to extend an olive branch to him. I would like to have... Not necessarily a cheese board...
Claudia Winkleman: Please.
Claudia Winkleman: Ooh, this is very romantic. Continue.
James Acaster: But I would like to have something that's like, you know, a charcuterie, maybe? Maybe a bunch of stuff -- cheese, biscuits, meats, stuff like that. And I would like to have to drink, again from Noma -- this is actually my first thing that's making it on the menu from Noma -- is the Coffee Kombucha that I had at the end of the meal at Noma. Again, I hadn't really had caffeine in ages, I don't know if you know that. But like, I­ Let me tell you, I had a 7am flight the next morning, and I stayed up all night with Nish, drinking these black coffee kombuchas all night. And I didn't sleep a wink, because I hadn't had caffeine in that long. I have to round off the meal with that drink. It was the most delicious, you know, cold brew coffee, but like with this fruity kombucha, kind of fermented kind of taste there. It was so nice, so delicious. I would like that coffee from Noma and I'd like to sit and watch Ed have a cheese board to himself at the end of the night.
Ed Gamble: Well, if we're going over to the fire, then I'd like to maybe get a little tray of petit fours. Some little sweet treats, some little chocolate truffles, some little crispy, sweet things. I mean, I've had some nice petit four. I can't put my finger on where, at the moment, but James knows the sort of thing I'm talking about. I'd like to bring some of those over for him­
Claudia Winkleman: Miniature eclairs? Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I'd like to have a whisky. Specifically, I went on a wonderful holiday to Japan in 2018, where I proposed to my girlfriend. We had a wonderful time. And we went to a couple of­ Well, the night of, actually, we went to the robot show in Tokyo, which is the craziest, tackiest thing I've ever seen in my life. And we drank miniature bottles of champagne -- and that is the best tasting drink I've ever had, because I don't
remember being happier. But we then went to an incredible restaurant called INUA in Tokyo and it's very Scandinavian, actually, the way they do things. I think the guys who run it used to work at Noma. We had a mutual friend who's one of the chefs he showed us around the kitchen and then he said, "I'd like to buy your drink to congratulate you on your engagement." And I said, "I'd like a whisky, please." He said, "Well, we do our own whisky here, our own label: Whisky INUA." And he gave me one of those whiskies. And that is just the most comfortable and happy and warm, I think I've ever felt. So I'd like to have one of those, even though I am aware that I am now having that with James rather than my fiancée, so the memory is somewhat altered.
James Acaster: Better. Better, I think.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, better in a way. So I'll have one of those whiskies, please, and I'll give James some sweet treats.
James Acaster: Yes!
Claudia Winkleman: Done. I mean, are you both? Do you feel sated and satisfied with your choices?
James Acaster: More than.
Ed Gamble: I do actually. You know, it was quite a torturous process coming up with it, because you feel like that's it then. But like James says: we can, you know, we can change our minds. And it's not like we have to eat this every day. This is our big­
Claudia Winkleman: This is your special treat.
Ed Gamble: I was starting to feel like, you know when Ross laminates his five celebrities that he's allowed to sleep with? I was a bit worried that I was laminating this, but I'm not. This is not a lamination.
Claudia Winkleman: It's your show, and you get another go. For your guests, it's terrifying -- it's deadly serious, because you only get one shot. Next week, you could go: "Do you know what? I'm taking that plate of tomato essence out and I'm just gonna throw in a tuna melt like a normal person." But that might happen. Who knows? You've got all the good stuff.
James Acaster: I feel great.
Claudia Winkleman: Thank you so much for having me.
Ed Gamble: Well, thank you for having us.
Claudia Winkleman: Oh hold on a minute. Sorry, I can just see somebody. What's that? Would you like a glass of warm mulled cider?
James Acaster: Whoa, Ed! I can't believe this.
Ed Gamble: Well, there we go: a couple of absolutely disgusting menus.
James Acaster: What're you talking about, man? They're the best menus we've ever had on this podcast.
Ed Gamble: That is true, actually.
James Acaster: They're delicious.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, really delicious. I mean, and everything you said, I thought I would have that on my menu.
James Acaster: Yeah, I would eat all of your menu. I would eat it. I bet I'd love it.
Ed Gamble: It's a shame, we didn't­ We had to do this over Zoom, obviously. Obviously, in my mind, I know you said in your mind that you thought it would be in person. But in my mind, we would do it live.
James Acaster: Yeah, sure.
Ed Gamble: Like, in a theatre or something. But you know, there's time, there's time for all of that sort of stuff. And obviously that was Episode 100 -- mine and James's menus.
James Acaster: 1:Wicked.
Ed Gamble: We'll do it again at Episode 200.
James Acaster: Absolutely. Just that's what's going to happen, guys. You keep this podcast going, you keep on supporting us: every single 100 mark episode, we're going to do our menu. Me and Ed are gonna go out to dinner, with a different genie each time.
Ed Gamble: Exactly. Obviously, we will have to do Episode 200 over Zoom as well because of COVID-42.
James Acaster: Yes, obviously that will have happened. Who knows we might have a new producer by then.
Ed Gamble: Hey, you know what? I hope not, because -- I'm gonna put this out there -- 100 episodes. Oh, the Great Benito really has done a smashing job, hasn't he?
James Acaster: Oh, we don't­ I mean, hopefully it's no secret to anyone but if this was just down to me and Ed, we really would have been impressed if it made it to 10 episodes, so­
Ed Gamble: It wouldn't have made it to 10 episodes! Or we might have recorded one but no one would have heard it, because I don't know how to put them on the internet. I don't know how to edit them. I don't know how to tell people about it. We turn up, we chat all the shit you hear -- plus more, because a lot of it's cut out. And then, that's all we do. And then a podcast just happens.
James Acaster: To give the listener an idea of how many episodes of his podcast they would have heard if the Great Benito wasn't involved and it was just down to me and Ed, I once went down to Ed's house and we got a video camera and we filmed a bunch of short comedy sketches that were that were based on us being vloggers. Talking about our fan theories of various TV shows, we filmed three episodes in one night. One about Westworld, one about Stranger Things, and I can't remember what the third one was even about. [inaudible] Jamie and Ed Gamble. I had an outfit on and everything. And we filmed it all. Our fan favourite about Westworld was that at the end of series one, when Ben Barnes is on the horse. He's naked on the horse and the horse's butt gets slapped, and the horse guns away with him. Our fan theory about that was that Ben Barnes goes off in the desert and fucks the horse, and then they give birth to Mr. Tumnus and that's how Narnia began. And we filmed all of that in one night and still­ And that was like probably three years ago, four years ago, whenever the first series of Westworld was out. Four years ago, I'd say. It has still never seen the light of day, it's not even been edited. It's still on the camera that we used, nothing has ever been done with it. So that is what this podcast would be were it
not for the Great Benito. It would just be a recording of Scroobius Pip on one of our phones that no one's ever listened to.
Ed Gamble: So what we're trying to say is thank you, the Great Benito.
James Acaster: Thank you so much, the Great Benito.
Ed Gamble: And thank you to all of you guys, as well, who listened to it and tweet about it and talk about it. And people seem to really be into it. So thanks for being into it.
James Acaster: Thank you for jumping on all the little silly things we say, making sure they don't get forgotten and building a three-dimensional world, because that's what every podcast needs.
James Acaster: And thank you, of course, to No Context Off Menu who really brings that to life.
James Acaster: Yeah, I love them. Sometimes Ed sends me the screenshots of it. And I'm like, "that guy's done really amazing work."
Ed Gamble: Yeah, because James isn't on social media so I have to screenshot all of my favourite ones. And I send them to James and then he has a little chuckle. So he's got his own form of social media, where people just cherry pick all the best bits and send them to him.
James Acaster: It's great. Hey guys, if you ever think about leaving social media -- it's brilliant because you just get it curated for you by all your friends. They send you all the best bits. You just get to see the crème de la crème.
Ed Gamble: I'm starting to think I should balance it a little bit and start sending you, like, troll stuff as well.
James Acaster: Yeah, start sending me: "Look at what this person said about you today. Not generous."
Ed Gamble: But we feel very grateful. We're very happy to have made it to 100 episodes, a lot of podcasts don't make it past one. And, look, long may continue -- no plans on stopping.
James Acaster: I love doing this podcast and thank you Ed for being such a great guy, and making me feel nice and comfortable every episode. Even in that one when we were supposedly head to head. I was like, "no way, we're friends. Bad luck."
James Acaster: Yeah, you can't all come to dinner. Although if we do the live show thing. Maybe.
Ed Gamble: Yeah exactly. Thank you, James, for being a good friend, and a wonderful dining companion. And hopefully at some point in the future, we can all get together and have a meal. And I'm saying that to James and Benito, not to you the listener. I like you, thank you for listening. You make me feel successful, but please keep your distance.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Oh, well, that's a possibility for the future. Once everyone's been vaccinated, etc. Still or sparkling vaccine. And then we can all get together and have a lovely old time at a live show, and all eat the same meal? Do you think you can do that at a live show? Can you?
James Acaster: Yeah, we'll order all the same meal for everybody. And they've all gotta just eat that.
Ed Gamble: Benito's already shaking his head. See, this is the problem. Benito spots logistical issues sometimes. We can't really live our dreams, because he's like, "No, that won't work. You can't have a Deliveroo for 2000 people." That's how many people we're playing to.
James Acaster: Yeah, that's how many it would be 2000.
Ed Gamble: 2000 exactly.
James Acaster: I think so.
Ed Gamble: So thank you very much. 100 done. We will see you next week -- for 101!
James Acaster: Uh oh -- well, I guess we'll be a Dalmatian!
Ed Gamble: Uh oh -- pongo!
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast -- pouring the ice cold milk of chat on to the puffed rice of humour and listening to the pop.
James Acaster: Oh, I love it!
Ed Gamble: Yeah, we're happy with that?
James Acaster: How've you never done that before?
Ed Gamble: I dunno man.
James Acaster: We've never talked about snap, crackle and pop, really.
Ed Gamble: I was thinking of going with, like, turning the milk fun-flavoured or something. But it didn't quite work.
James Acaster: No, no, but y'know, keep that in the back pocket for another episode -- there'll be plenty more.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah.
James Acaster: And this week's guest is music-related so listening for the pop. Actually, that's quite clever.
Ed Gamble: Very, very good indeed.
James Acaster: Quite clever.
Ed Gamble: James, before we reveal our special guest, perhaps you should tell the listener what the bloomin' 'ell we're doing here.
James Acaster: This is the Off Menu podcast. Me and Ed own the Dream Restaurant. Ed is the proprietor and I am a Genie, and we invite a guest every single week to tell us their favourite ever: Starter, Main Course, Dessert, Side Dish, and Drink. Not in that order. And this week, our guest is...
Both Julie Adenuga!
Ed Gamble: Julie Adenuga: a wonderful broadcaster, DJ, radio host, presenter -- all of those things! She hosts a brilliant radio show on Apple Beats 1.
James Acaster: We've both done it!
Ed Gamble: We've both been on it. Very much enjoyed it.
James Acaster: A pleasure.
Ed Gamble: And Julie is also the host of the brand new Catfish UK, which is on Wednesdays at 9pm on MTV.
James Acaster: Catfish, baby!
Ed Gamble: I, myself, have never been catfished -- apart from the Great Benito.
James Acaster: Yeah, the Great Benito catfished you. You've been catfished by the Great Benito! And he always insists, "Ohh guys, make sure you mention the Secret Ingredient. Make sure you say what the Secret Ingredient is, that if a guest mentions it they get kicked out the Dream Restaurant!" and we say, "Okay Benito, this week's secret ingredient is..."
Ed Gamble: Tongue!
James Acaster: Tongue?
Ed Gamble: Tongue?! Tongue. We better hope that Julie Adenuga does not have tongue on her menu.
James Acaster: How has it been this long and we haven't said tongue as the Secret Ingredient? It's just universally acknowledged as disgusting.
Ed Gamble: Okay. Well, it's been so long, James, because obviously guess what?
James Acaster: You like it.
Ed Gamble: I like tongue.
James Acaster: What? What are you a cat?
Ed Gamble: No, I'm not a cat.
James Acaster: ISABELLA DOS SANTOS!
Ed Gamble: Pardon?
James Acaster: Isabella dos Santos.
Ed Gamble: What, what's that?
James Acaster: She suggested the Secret Ingredient.
Ed Gamble: Right, okay. Sorry, I got mixed up. I thought that was a joke that I didn't understand.
James Acaster: She suggested tongue.
Ed Gamble: Right, and that's how you're gonna say her name?
James Acaster: That's how she requested it to be said.
Ed Gamble: Do it again for me?
James Acaster: ISABELLA DOS SANTOS.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much for suggesting tongue, ISABELLA DOS SANTOS!
James Acaster: It's cool, isn't it? It's fun to say it like that.
Ed Gamble: It's really cool, yeah. Don't forget that if you want to suggest the Secret Ingredient, get in contact on our Twitter.
James Acaster: Yes.
Ed Gamble: @OffMenuOfficial on the tweets, and we will probably announce your name in a fun way.
James Acaster: Yeah, I love announcing people's names in a fun way. But you know whose name I'm not gonna announce in a fun way? Julie Adenuga. Actually that was quite fun.
Ed Gamble: That was quite fun. Adenuga is word that's very difficult to say not in a fun way.
James Acaster: Yeah, I like to say Adenuga.
Ed Gamble: Without further ado, this is the Off Menu menu of­
Both ­Julie Adenuga!
James Acaster: Welcome Julie to the Dream Restaurant.
Julie Adenuga: Wait, do I get to speak straight away?­
James Acaster: [explosion sound effect]
Julie Adenuga: I didn't know if there was more of an intro? What­ Is that it?­
[overlapping sound effects]
Julie Adenuga: That's better!
[Julie joins in with sound effects]
James Acaster: Welcome Julie­
James Acaster: Welcome Julie Adenuga to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Julie Adenuga: It took me ages to get a reservation. I'm so happy that I'm here.
James Acaster: I'm sorry, I did two explosions and then I slipped off of my sofa.
Julie Adenuga: How small is your sofa?
James Acaster: It's not that small. I'll tell you what it is: I'm slouching and I didn't realise my arms were holding me up on the armrests. And so when I did the explosion, I put my arms out in front of me and my body went: "oop, you're slipping down now."
Julie Adenuga: I like restaurants with sofas in them, to be fair. They feel a lot more inviting than just stiff chairs.
James Acaster: Yeah, that's true.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's true.
James Acaster: What would be your ideal thing to sit on while you're having a meal?
Julie Adenuga: I was gonna say a face but that's not the vibe here...
Julie Adenuga: It just felt like the right thing to say, but no -- I would not like to sit in a face at a restaurant. I just like to sit on comfy­ I don't want armrests in the restaurant, on the sofa. I think armrests is a bit too... you know what I mean? You need to be able to relax. But just something comfy. A nice comfy... I can't pronounce the name of the shop, but it's where I got my sofa from. It's M­triple O­I.
James Acaster: Look, the vibe in this podcast is whatever you want it to be.
Ed Gamble: M­triple O­I?
James Acaster: M­triple O­I?
Julie Adenuga: Yes, pronounce that!
James Acaster: Moo-ey!
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, that's where I got my sofa from. So anything from there: I'm good, I'm happy.
Ed Gamble: It's like something an American cow might say.
Julie Adenuga: Why an Am­ Oh I see what you did there! I haven't seen you lot in ages in real life?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's been a long time.
Julie Adenuga: I'm gonna congratulate you on things that probably feel really old to you but Ed, I loved you on Taskmaster.
Julie Adenuga: Loved it, loved it, loved it. James, I love Repertoire. I've only actually seen two of the four, because there's a lockdown and there's so many things to do, do you know what I mean? So...
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much.
James Acaster: I've been on Taskmaster too, since I last saw you... Some series are better than others.
Julie Adenuga: Okay. Relax, relax. Don't talk like that.
James Acaster: I wasn't in a vintage one.
Julie Adenuga: Relax. What's the other thing? Oh, Hypothetical. I love Hypothetical.
Ed Gamble: There you go.
Julie Adenuga: Love it, congratulations. I'll tuck into your Taskmaster soon.
James Acaster: I'm a bit happy.
Ed Gamble: Yeah?
Julie Adenuga: Wow. Wow. Give someone props, they're still complaining?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I know what you mean about Repertoire. There's such a lot of stuff to watch. It just tends to slip down the list, doesn't it? Four episodes.
Julie Adenuga: You can't do four back to back, James's it's too much.
James Acaster: Exactly.
Julie Adenuga: When it got to that can I swear?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: On a scale of zero to cunt, how much can I swear?
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Well, Julie, you didn't check at the beginning about sitting on someone's face, but now you've come to swearing and you're like, "Oh, I better check to..." [inaudible]
Julie Adenuga: But yeah, I got to the weird fucking orange with the fucking candles and the sweets in it. And I said: "I need to take a break from this"
James Acaster: Aw, man.
Julie Adenuga: This has gone to another place. I don't know if I can just jump straight into another episode.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you just need to go and do something normal sometimes, right?
Julie Adenuga: And I had research to do into what on earth that was, but I absolutely loved it. Honestly. It was amazing. Congratulations, James.
James Acaster: Yeah, well, when I love stuff I usually knock it on the head.
Julie Adenuga: You know, my thing is yeah? You can't give yourself too many good things all in one go. You feel spoiled, you know what I mean?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: You've gotta balance it out with just regular lockdown shit. And then jump back into the joy.
James Acaster: Yeah, you watch season 9 of Taskmaster.
Julie Adenuga: You know what it was, I found out that Taskmaster is on UK Play TV. I refuse to have normal television in my house, so I've been discovering new apps so you can watch regular television. And then when I saw Taskmaster was on there I said, "Oh, I need to go see Ed." And so, you know, that's what I did. James, don't cry man. Fucking hell!
James Acaster: Have you watched all of Ed's series? Did you get to the end?
Julie Adenuga: No, no. I didn't get to the end. Absolutely not.
James Acaster: I'll tell you what we're going to be watching every single episode of though, Ed?
Julie Adenuga: Oh, what?
Both Catfish UK!
Julie Adenuga: Oh! Guys, I'm hosting a show about people who lie and it's honestly, the funniest thing in the whole world. I never...
James Acaster: And that's from someone who's seen half of my special!
Julie Adenuga: It's actually insane. I've cried. I've shouted at someone. I've definitely laughed really loudly. I've driven a big red Jeep as well. I get to drive a big red Jeep.
James Acaster: Tell the listeners what to expect from the show, if they've not heard of it.
Julie Adenuga: Catfish UK. If you don't know what catfishing is, it's a verb. It's a verb, right? It is a verb.
James Acaster: Yeah. I mean, it's also a food. So people might be thinking, "Oh, Julie's here promoting on a food podcast promoting her food show, all about catfish."
Julie Adenuga: I'm not. I'm promoting a show about people who changed their identities and lie for years and years and years. And for a lot of time, we thought it was only happening in America, but apparently even if you live 30 minutes away from someone, you can still catfish them for at least three years.
James Acaster: Wow.
Julie Adenuga: So yeah. So it's me and my good friend, Oobah Butler, and we are traveling around the UK, hearing these insane and incredible stories about people who have been having relationships with someone that they haven't seen. And it's our job to find out if the person they're talking to is in fact real, or if they are a catfish and it gets crazy is what I will say.
Ed Gamble: So sometimes they're real?
Julie Adenuga: Sometimes they are real. Yes, absolutely.
Ed Gamble: And when that happens, were you disappointed?
Julie Adenuga: Ah, yes, absolutely.
Ed Gamble: Are there, Julie, acceptable lies to tell online?
Julie Adenuga: I think if you change your hairline, it's okay.
Ed Gamble: Thank you for noticing.
Julie Adenuga: I think if you just edit your hairline a bit, just so it comes a bit more forward, that's not the end of the world. That's an acceptable lie, I think. Also, not disclosing how many children you have, I think is okay
at the start, do you know what I mean? Two years in, we should know that someone's had a birthday twice. But I think at the start, I don't need to say in my bio, you know what I mean? Mother of four, etc. I think that's okay.
James Acaster: But the headline thing, at what point is it not okay to lie about the headline? How much are you allowed to lie about the hairline?
Julie Adenuga: I think you can do up to one and a half centimetres. Anything more than that, and you're just in lying territory.
James Acaster: You're a different person.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, exactly.
James Acaster: Yeah. Are you going to be lying today on our podcast when we ask about your favourite foods?
Julie Adenuga: No, I have put my hands up and I said, there was so many things I've thought about before recording with you guys. And I thought, "No, I'm actually going to tell the truth." Which in some parts is going to make me sound stupid and I'm okay with that. But just be nice, guys, okay?
James Acaster: We're nice guys.
Ed Gamble: No, we can't promise that, James.
James Acaster: We've been nice to every guest who's been on this podcast.
Julie Adenuga: Okay, yeah. Just be nice. But there's certain things, y'know, I grew up in a Nigerian home, so dinner is very different where I come from.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah. I mean, when you say­ We're not going to go, "What's that weird food." We're not.
Julie Adenuga: It's not even the food that I'm going to talk about that's weird, it's the other bits, but we'll get to it. Don't worry. We will get to it.
James Acaster: Okay.
Julie Adenuga: But right now guys, you're in a Nigerian restaurant, so­
James Acaster: Oh, lovely.
Julie Adenuga: Just get on board, okay?
Ed Gamble: Fully.
James Acaster: Yeah!
James Acaster: Still or sparkling water, Julie?
Julie Adenuga: Stupid question, still. Next question.
James Acaster: Poppadoms or bread?
Julie Adenuga: Why did you lot even add this in? What was the point of this bit? I fucking hate it. Who wants sparkling water? Sparkling water is an example of how human beings have ruined the earth, yeah? Because there's so many things that just naturally exist. And for some reason we were just like, "No, we're going to do extra things to super natural, normal shit." And someone said, "Let's make water bubbly." It's the dumbest thing I've ever heard of in my life. It should be illegal. Next question.
Ed Gamble: So, is the whole of your menu and everything you eat­ Do you only eat things that naturally occur without any man-made interference?
Julie Adenuga: That's a brilliant question, Ed. The answer is no. No, but I think water is the purest thing that exists on the planet. Why would you change it? What person was so bored that they thought, "I'm going to
change water." It's like, the fucking basis of all things. And they said, "I don't like it." It's arrogant, actually if you ask me. It's arrogant. Fuck sparkling water.
James Acaster: Do you like squash? Would you ever put some cordial in some water?
Julie Adenuga: No, I think that's stupid as well, I'll be honest. Because­
Ed Gamble: I thought you had her there. I was nodding. I was like, "Yeah, you get her James. Oh no, she's got that. That's fine."
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, no, I'm not into it. I don't even like the word. What is it? Cord... Say it.
James Acaster: Cordial.
Julie Adenuga: Cordial?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Which is not the word cordial?
James Acaster: No.
Julie Adenuga: Which is when you're nice to someone.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Stupid. Again, just taking a word that was fine. And then making it something else that needs to be diluted. It's just all dumb.
James Acaster: Oh, hold on so you think they took the word 'cordial' and they changed it to make the word 'cordial'?
Julie Adenuga: Yes, yes! That's exactly what they did. And you know that's the truth. Don't deny it.
Ed Gamble: You thought Mr. Robinson was like, "I've got my big pot of lye water that I've invented and I'll just start taking things from language. Cordial, hmm. I'll take that."
Julie Adenuga: Ed, have you noticed that over time you speak more and more like James?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it tends to sort of morph into each other.
Julie Adenuga: So what is, how..? What does that feel like?
Ed Gamble: We hang out all the time.
Julie Adenuga: That's so weird.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: James, what have you taken from Ed?
James Acaster: I mean, I think I also have picked up some of the ways that Ed talks. I think we encourage each other on that front. And we recommend albums to each other. We listen to some of the same music.
Julie Adenuga: No, that's boring. I wanted actual behavioural overlaps. Not just like, "Oh, we're friends and we do nice friend things."
James Acaster: Yeah. I have diabetes. Well, I'm convinced I have it.
Julie Adenuga: Oh, you're convinced?
James Acaster: No, I have been in the past convinced, but not currently.
Ed Gamble: If he eats loads of sugar, Julie, he'll go... Well, he's done this in the past, he's had a weekend of eating too much chocolate. He'll go to the doctor's and get a test.
Julie Adenuga: You're lying. You're lying.
James Acaster: No, I have done that. And what the listeners probably don't know is that we're currently recording this on, well, I don't know if it's called Easter Tuesday?
Ed Gamble: No, it's not.
James Acaster: But it's the Tuesday after the Easter weekend so obviously, I'm feeling a little bit tense after the weekend I just had.
Julie Adenuga: When's your doctor's appointment?
James Acaster: Oh, I'm just gonna go to a walk-in clinic, I think.
Julie Adenuga: That is brilliant. Wow.
Ed Gamble: It's only the Acaster family that call it Easter Tuesday, because their Easter's run three weeks after everyone else.
James Acaster: Yeah. Easter Tuesday, Easter Wednesday, Easter Thursday. Obviously you've got Easter Sunday 2 coming up.
Ed Gamble: Easter Sunday 2: The Eastering.
James Acaster: Yeah. So, you hate sparkling water?
Julie Adenuga: No, no, no. Use the right word, James. I don't hate it. I abhor sparkling water.
James Acaster: You abhor it.
Julie Adenuga: I detest it.
James Acaster: You detest it.
Julie Adenuga: It should be banished from the Earth. Even though it literally didn't come from there because we changed it.
Ed Gamble: Well Julie, there is such thing as natural sparkling water.
Julie Adenuga: You're lying.
Ed Gamble: I'm not lying. It comes out of a mountain, slightly sparkling.
Julie Adenuga: Which mountain?
Ed Gamble: I can't name the mountain.
Julie Adenuga: Of course you can't, because it's not real.
James Acaster: Mountain Dew.
Ed Gamble: Mountain Dew. Bubble Mountain Dew.
Julie Adenuga: I do not believe you for a second.
James Acaster: Why would Ed lie about there being a mountain that has sparkling water coming out of it?
Julie Adenuga: I don't know actually. Why? Why would he lie?
Ed Gamble: I think he might be right. I think sparkling water might be the catfish of the water world.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: I'm taking that.
Ed Gamble: Take it for series two?
James Acaster: I'm taking that.
Ed Gamble: If you run out of people to do on series two, do water.
Julie Adenuga: I'm going to pitch that to the team as soon as I see them. Thanks, Ed.
Ed Gamble: Just you running up to the front door, coming open, and it's just a big bottle of fizzy water.
Julie Adenuga: I'm going to ask if you two can be the guest hosts of that episode, that'd be great. But you have to both wear matching tops like you are today.
Ed Gamble: Yes. Both got pink t-shirts on today.
James Acaster: Both got pink t-shirts on, Julie immediately found it hysterical.
Julie Adenuga: Because it's just so random. I know that you both noticed. Did you speak about it?
James Acaster: We didn't.
Julie Adenuga: When you noticed? When you saw each other, did you say, "Ah, we're matching again."
James Acaster: No, we didn't weirdly.
Ed Gamble: Well James wears that t-shirt a lot. And I think I wear this t-shirt a lot so...
James Acaster: So you want still water?
Julie Adenuga: Yes, please.
James Acaster: I'm guessing you want nothing in it. No unnatural things added to it that aren't normally in water. You wouldn't get lemon floating around in water, in the wild. So no lemon in it, no ice cubes because they wouldn't be floating around in it in the wild.
Julie Adenuga: A friend of mine taught me something, which he shouldn't have had to teach me at all actually. When you get ice cubes in bottled water, it's weird because obviously ice cubes aren't from bottled water. So it's just frozen tap water in your fresh bottled water. Then it melts and then you get shit. So I don't do ice and water anymore. I try to go room temperature, no lemon. Because that's weird as well. You just get bits of lemon floating around in your mouth. It's just, God, I just hate anything that isn't pure water.
Ed Gamble: Again, I thought James had you. I thought he's got her in a corner here.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: She's obviously going to want ice. She's going to want lemon, but you stopped drinking ice because it was, to quote, unnatural.
Julie Adenuga: Damn it, is that an actual direct quote? Did I really did say that?
Ed Gamble: I don't know. It's easy to make things up. Even if you're recording then we can just say you said something. People will probably believe it.
Julie Adenuga: That's true.
Ed Gamble: When you go into a restaurant, you say I'd like "Still water, please. Bottled still water. Don't put anything in it and I want it room temperature." Yeah?
Julie Adenuga: You're making me sound so aggressive. But yes, that is essentially what happens when I go to restaurants.
James Acaster: I don't think we're making you sound so aggressive. Earlier on you shouted, "Fuck sparkling water." You shouted it!
Julie Adenuga: If it is cold, when they bring it though, I just leave it for a while for the room temperature to just happen naturally. You know what I mean? Clearly I'm into very natural things, guys. I think you're picking that up from this.
Ed Gamble: But you know cold is not unnatural?
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, but they put it in a fridge, Ed. And now my body has got to warm it up to room temperature, otherwise it's not going to be good is it? I've just got to wait a bit.
Ed Gamble: Well, I'm looking forward your main course of steak ripped directly from the cow.
James Acaster: You want nothing from the fridge, am I right? We could get rid of the fridge and the freezer and the oven and everything?
Julie Adenuga: No, no, no. I need those for other things.
Ed Gamble: All right, okay.
James Acaster: Fair enough. Poppadoms or Bread? Poppadoms or Bread, Julie Adenuga?
Julie Adenuga: Neither! Fuck both of those motherfuckers!
James Acaster: Oh sorry, sorry. Sorry Julie, we made you sound aggressive again there, sorry.
Julie Adenuga: Wait, what are Poppadoms again? They're like giant crisps yeah? Giant flavourless crisps.
James Acaster: Yeah, well not flavourless.
Ed Gamble: This is the first time I've ever heard anyone scream, "Fuck something." And then ask what it is.
Julie Adenuga: In my head I'm just like... Sorry. No unfuck Poppadoms. Unfuck them.
James Acaster: Okay.
Julie Adenuga: I'll go Poppadoms over bread. Definitely.
James Acaster: Wow. That's the biggest u-turn we've ever had on this podcast. Someone screaming, "Fuck Poppadoms the motherfuckers." And then going, "Actually unfuck them, I'll have them over bread."
Julie Adenuga: Unfuck them. I'll tell you why: I like to try and break them into quarters. Actual from 9pm to 12pm, actual quarters like a real one. And then I like to balance rice on top of it with a bit of a madras and then eat it like a pizza.
James Acaster: Lovely.
Ed Gamble: So, with your poppadoms, are we bringing you a full curry and rice?
Julie Adenuga: Yes.
Ed Gamble: So you can do that.
Julie Adenuga: Yes please, I wouldn't mind.
James Acaster: Instead of the dips. We'll use the same pots that the dips would usually go in and we'll put curry and rice in them.
Julie Adenuga: I love this restaurant. I absolutely love it here. You guys are amazing waiters.
James Acaster: Thank you, that means a lot. This is the biggest turnaround we've ever had of someone screaming that they hate it, saying, "Fuck it," and then going, "Actually, I prefer it to the other option." Why were you shouting that in the first place?
Julie Adenuga: Because I hate carbs at the moment.
James Acaster: Okay.
Julie Adenuga: I hate carbs. They've become the bane of my existence whilst I've been locked in my home. And so my immediate gut reaction was, "That feels carby, get them away from me." And so that was my first response. But then when I calmed down and stopped being aggressive, I thought, "No, I like poppadoms, I should stop being so mean towards them," because outside of lockdown, when I can get a better carb balance, I'm gonna be on the poppadoms straight away.
Ed Gamble: So your initial thought was, "I hate carbs, I don't want them anywhere near my meal." And your second response was, "Bring me poppadoms and a bowl of rice that I can pile on top of them."
Julie Adenuga: I'm really not enjoying you translating my thoughts­
James Acaster: I thought you loved this restaurant and we were great waiters?
Julie Adenuga: ­into sensible sentences.
James Acaster: We were getting compliments earlier.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, but stop telling people what I'm actually saying. Just let them hear what­
James Acaster: I'll tell you what. In this anti-carb chat as well-
Ed Gamble: Yeah, why do you hate carbs at the moment?
James Acaster: ­bread is just standing by going, "I can't believe I'm getting away with this. Can't believe no one's coming after me."
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, no, breads, no, no, we've got to get rid of bread. It's nah, come on. We've got to stop now with the bread thing. We have to, it's carb hell. And it's the easiest food to make. Sometimes my toaster and I have back-to-back toast sessions­
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah.
Julie Adenuga: ­where I'm just toasting, buttering, eating, toasting, just constantly. So you can see that the carb thing is, I've had a carb overload, guys, over the last year.
Ed Gamble: So you don't hate carbs, you love them too much, right?
Julie Adenuga: Exactly. This is very triggering by the way. This is a restaurant of many emotions. But yeah, I've had way too many carbs and I need to relax is the truth. Okay? Before you translate it, Ed.
James Acaster: How many slots you got in your toaster?
Julie Adenuga: Oh, brilliant question. I've got four. I've got a question for you two now. Is it normal to toast bread in odds?
James Acaster: Oh...
Julie Adenuga: And do you do it?
James Acaster: I have done it actually. Yeah, it depends how big the slices are.
Julie Adenuga: Go on.
James Acaster: Well, if I've got a load of standard loaf slices, sometimes I don't want four, but two is too little, and so I will have three. A lot of the time, if it's smaller than the standard loaf, then I'll usually have four and just go all out. But if the slices look pretty big, I might go for three, rather than four.
Julie Adenuga: Have you got a four-slot toaster?
James Acaster: I've got a four-slot toaster.
Julie Adenuga: So you will put three slices of bread in the four-slot toaster, and there'll just be one slot that's heating nothing. Just-
James Acaster: That's heating nothing. Well, sometimes I just put my cheek to it and just feel the warmth.
Julie Adenuga: That is disgusting.
James Acaster: Well, you say that.
Ed Gamble: That is disgusting actually, James.
James Acaster: I wasn't expecting disgusting. Well, here's another reason why I do it. I've got three spreads that I like on my toast.
Ed Gamble: Now this is mad.
Julie Adenuga: Wait, what are they?
James Acaster: Butter on its own, Marmite and marmalade. And if I have three different slices, I do a butter slice, a Marmite slice, a marmalade slice, and I eat them in that order: a starter, main course and pudding.
Julie Adenuga: No. Okay, here comes the question. What is the difference between butter and marmalade?
James Acaster: Pardon me?
Ed Gamble: Between butter and marmalade?
Julie Adenuga: Yeah. What's marmalade? Wait, what am I thinking of?
James Acaster: What's the difference between butter and... You're thinking of margarine.
Julie Adenuga: Oh yeah, I'm thinking of margarine. Okay, cool. Marmalade is what?
James Acaster: Marmalade is like orange jam.
Julie Adenuga: Oh yes. Marmalade is delicious.
James Acaster: Yeah, just Googled it and now you're holding up the Google images of marmalade to us.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, marmalade's delicious. Which one do you have? The one that everybody gets?
James Acaster: I've currently got Robertson's with shreds in it.
Julie Adenuga: Yes. Yes. Oh, you go with shreds?
James Acaster: Yeah, I'm a shred head.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, that's hard. Okay. The Marmite thing I'm not down with. And also the three spread thing is very strange, but that's­
James Acaster: Why? It's a little mini meal: starter, main course, dessert.
Julie Adenuga: That's very strange.
James Acaster: Butter, Marmite, Marmalade.
Julie Adenuga: So you don't do jam on top of butter?
James Acaster: Nope, 'cause it's a little starter. It's just the toast with the butter on it. And then main course, something that really attacks the palette, Marmite. It's a really hefty main course. And then a lovely sweet dessert with the marmalade.
Julie Adenuga: With the shreds.
Ed Gamble: I'd go Marmite every slice.
Julie Adenuga: You're also going in the bin, because that's disgusting.
Ed Gamble: Thick butter, thicker Marmite than you could ever imagine.
Julie Adenuga: Wait, you go butter and then Marmite on top?!
Ed Gamble: Yes. Yes, Julie.
Julie Adenuga: Whoa, whoa. Honestly, you two are disgusting. I'm loving it though, but you're absolutely vile, both of you. Wait, Ed, do you do odd slices?
Ed Gamble: I've only got a two-slot toaster.
Julie Adenuga: But have you ever done one slice of toast?
Ed Gamble: No, one slice is never enough, is it? So I'd always go two slices. And I'll rarely, if I want more toast, I'll rarely be able to bring myself to do more, because it's going through that action again, I'd be like, "Oh God, I can't do that." And plus I've put so much on the first two slices, I've gone absolutely mad. Sometimes Julie, and get a load of this, I'll put Marmite in a bacon sandwich. How'd you feel about that?
Julie Adenuga: Has the bacon sandwich got bacon in it?
James Acaster: What the fuck?
Ed Gamble: No Julie, no bacon in it. And no bread either.
Julie Adenuga: I need to ask!
Ed Gamble: I'm sat in my room just thinking about it.
James Acaster: Do you know what? We've asked some pretty dumb questions on this podcast, me and Ed are pretty guilty of it, but never before have we asked someone if a bacon sandwich has bacon in it?
Julie Adenuga: I was actually trying to help Ed out just now, because the fact that you put Marmite in a sandwich that has bacon in it makes you the most grim creature on the planet. So I was trying to help you out by saying, "I call it a bacon sandwich, but I don't actually put bacon." I was trying to be stupid to help you.
James Acaster: That's his get out, is that he can say to people, "I like putting Marmite in a bacon sandwich." And before they attack him he goes, "Hold the bacon."
Julie Adenuga: Exactly.
James Acaster: And then everyone's like, "Oh, he's having a Marmite sandwich."
Julie Adenuga: Exactly!
Ed Gamble: Thanks, Julie, actually. I thought you were being stupid but thanks, you're being so helpful.
James Acaster: But what you like to do, Julie, is you like to get the toast out, your four slices of toast. And while you're eating those slices, you've got another four slices of bread toasting in the toaster already so that you can just do it on rotation.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah.
James Acaster: That is disgusting.
Julie Adenuga: I did it from when I was young. Me and my little brother, actually all of my brothers, I think we did it. We just took the toaster up. Because I had an epiphany once where I realized that the toaster doesn't have to be in the kitchen. It's just an appliance. So we just took it upstairs to our bedroom and we just back to back toasted until the loaf was finished. It was a really great time.
James Acaster: You took the toaster up to your bedroom?
Julie Adenuga: Yes! There is no need for it to be in the kitchen.
Ed Gamble: That's blown my mind, actually.
James Acaster: It is blowing my mind.
Ed Gamble: Toaster in the Bedroom. That'd be a good title for your autobiography.
Julie Adenuga: Although toaster in slang terms is a gun. So maybe not.
Ed Gamble: Oh right, okay.
James Acaster: Oh. What's bedroom in slang terms?
Julie Adenuga: I don't actually know.
Ed Gamble: Pocket.
Julie Adenuga: Nice. I like it.
Ed Gamble: I'll buy that book.
Julie Adenuga: I bought your book.
James Acaster: Yeah, halfway through? Let's go onto your Starter now, Julie. Is it all natural? Are you cooking it in the bedroom? What's going on?
Julie Adenuga: This is gonna be another weird one.
James Acaster: Okay.
Julie Adenuga: I don't believe in Starters.
James Acaster: Yes!
Ed Gamble: This is unbelievable.
Julie Adenuga: I think they're stupid.
Ed Gamble: What do you mean you don't believe in them? You think they're stupid? Well you're the one toasting stuff in the bedroom.
Julie Adenuga: Hey, don't do that. You can't bring up my past, it's not fair. I don't believe in them, I think they're stupid. If you're hungry, why are you giving me the beginning of the meal? Just give me the food that I would like to eat. I'm very much a "Hey, can I have the prawns and whatever the main is, and just bring them all as soon as they're ready, please, sir."
Ed Gamble: Right, so you are having a Starter, you're just having it all at the same time?
Julie Adenuga: No, but I'm having it as the meal. I'm not picking it because I want to eat it separately. I'm picking it because it goes well with all the food that I'd like to consume in this one sitting.
James Acaster: Starter's are like glorified side dishes really aren't there. They're not really a thing.
Ed Gamble: No, they're a completely different genre.
Julie Adenuga: They're so stupid. Ed, should we look up the definition of what the fucking hell the point is of a Starter in a meal?
James Acaster: Yeah. Make sure you word it like that when you Google it.
Ed Gamble: You think, if you Google, "what the hell is the point of a starter in a meal?" you're going to get something back that solves this, right?
Julie Adenuga: I'm actually going to do it, because what is the actual point?
Ed Gamble: Julie, your Google is not going to explain anything to you. The last thing you Googled was marmalade. It's not even going to let you log on. It's going to be like, there's no point in telling this lady anything.
James Acaster: Marmalade, straight to images.
Ed Gamble: An adult woman who's looked up pictures of marmalade.
Julie Adenuga: I love that you said adult woman, like my Google knows this. Yeah, the results, they're not very good, are they?
James Acaster: What did you Google?
Julie Adenuga: I Googled: "what the fucking hell is the point of a starter in a meal?"
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: The first result is a Reddit result and it says, "I live with roommates."
James Acaster: Interesting.
Ed Gamble: "And one of them toasts in the bedroom. What do I do?"
Julie Adenuga: That's a fire hazard, isn't it? Definitely.
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah. Don't try toasting at home unless you are with a supervised adult is what we should say.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: I don't even know what to search to find the reason for a Starter.
Ed Gamble: Well, it's because everyone knows what the point to a Starter is.
James Acaster: Probably start by taking the expletives out.
Julie Adenuga: Ed, what is the point? Tell us.
Ed Gamble: An extra little meal. A mini meal at the beginning, like we're talking about.
Julie Adenuga: A mini meal at the beginning?
Ed Gamble: Fires up the palate.
James Acaster: That's what he thinks it is. Isn't that sad?
Julie Adenuga: It doesn't make any sense. It's stupid.
James Acaster: No.
Ed Gamble: What doesn't make any sense? What if you want something from the Starter menu that doesn't necessarily go together with the Main? You get the Starter first, eat it, delicious, wait a little bit, and then have the Main. It's like you're getting two meals in one.
Julie Adenuga: So then I'll just have two Mains.
James Acaster: How do you feel about the part of that sentence Julie, where Ed said, "wait a minute"? Eat something, wait a minute, then get your actual meal. Does "wait a minute" feel good?
Julie Adenuga: No, it definitely doesn't. Here's how I think about it: I only go and eat when I'm hungry. So if I'm hungry, my body isn't going, "Oh, I'm excited about this little thing first." There aren't compartments of my stomach. The food is going to go down-
Ed Gamble: At what point Julie, did I accuse you of having compartments of your stomach?
Julie Adenuga: This is why, in my head, if there's a Starter, I'm assuming that it's going to go to a different part, there's like a bit of my body that needs a Starter and then my stomach needs the Mains. Well, actually, all of
the food just goes down the same tube into the same place. So whether it was a Starter, Main, whatever, it doesn't matter. It's just all food. So why are you giving it to me at a separate time?
Ed Gamble: Then why are we giving you any other sort of food? Why don't we just give you powder, because it all turns into shit in the end. That's what you're saying.
Julie Adenuga: No, I'm saying that when I want to eat, I want to eat now. So give me all the food that I'd like to consume.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, give you a Starter.
Julie Adenuga: No, because this is the other thing that annoys me, Ed. Yeah, aggressive Julie's back.
Ed Gamble: She never went anywhere.
Julie Adenuga: That's true. When I order my Starter and my Main, how do you know when I'm ready for my Main?
Ed Gamble: Well, after you've had your Starter.
Julie Adenuga: Right, so that means that I've got eat my Starter, then you've got to see that I've finished. Then you've got to come over, take the plate. Then you've got to go back into the kitchen. Then you've got to get the food and then bring me my...
Ed Gamble: It's the waiter.
Julie Adenuga: It's long.
Ed Gamble: This is what a waiter has to do.
Julie Adenuga: No, because if they're now serving someone else, I've got to wait for them to finish serving someone else to then say, "Oh, she's finished her Starter." And then if someone else at the table hasn't finished
their Starter, do you know what they do? They make me wait for my Main until the rest of my table is finished. I'm hungry, bring me the food. No starters.
James Acaster: No starters. Pass.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but what I'm saying to you Julie is­
Ed Gamble: Yes okay, fine, pass on the Starter, but you can't then have what you would have had as a Starter with your Main Course, okay?
Julie Adenuga: Yes I can.
James Acaster: Pass.
Ed Gamble: No you can't. That's not how it works.
Julie Adenuga: I absolutely can.
James Acaster: It's Julie's dream meal, Ed. It's her dream meal.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, you're in a Nigerian restaurant, there are no rules.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Exactly.
Ed Gamble: Well, it's a Nigerian restaurant that's run by two white men and they don't understand what goes on.
Julie Adenuga: I'm teaching you now because you're learning. Okay, give me an example as to when you can't eat a Starter. Why would the foods not go together?
Ed Gamble: All right. Maybe you have like a Starter that has sort of an Asian flavor to it. And then you have a Main Course that's like a Steak and Chips or something. You want to taste things from across the globe and put them into little compartments, like you have in your stomach.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, but you can just eat all of them. If I had a Sunday Roast, and the Starter was, what's like a basic starter? Like prawns, tempura...
James Acaster: Calamari.
Julie Adenuga: Calamari, thank you. I would just eat all of those things together.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but that's mad, isn't it?
Julie Adenuga: I would not at any point go, "I'm going to eat the calamari and then I'm just going to look out the window, and then I'm going to eat my roast." I'm just going to eat all the food, I'm hungry.
Ed Gamble: So in this situation, you've got roast dinner. So you've got potatoes, you've got gravy, you've got meat, you've got veg, you've got whatever. And you're just dumping calamari on top of that, you're getting gravy on your calamari?
Julie Adenuga: 100%. Get it all in there. I'm hungry. Have you ever seen me hungry?
Ed Gamble: That's a good autobiography title as well.
Julie Adenuga: I've got so many things to take away from this. But when I'm hungry, I don't have time to think about the fact that gravy is going to be mixing with the calamari, I don't care. I just want to eat the food. I want to eat it now. Just please.
James Acaster: I get the feeling that what you would like in an ideal world is to be sitting in your bedroom, you're eating calamari and you've got the equivalent of a kind of toaster in front of you. So it's like when you were eating your toast and you've got the toast toasting, ready to go. But when you finished that bite of toast, it pops up again and you can start this next round. You want that, but with your Starters and your Main Course.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, James understands me. James understands me.
Ed Gamble: So within food, you seem to really enjoy things as much as possible, back to back, quickly, get it all done. So James' specials must have really annoyed you for you to stop halfway through. To take a break for you is a big statement.
James Acaster: Oh yeah. That is bad, isn't it? That does sound like it's breaking the habit of a lifetime.
Julie Adenuga: James, you stood up for me, I'm going to stand up for you. Eating meals in a pandemic, it's very different to eating meals just regularly. So, same goes for James' comedy.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Exactly. On a normal day, I'd sit down, I'd put aside the time and I'd bang all the way through Repertoire. But during a pandemic, I've got to save some for the other days that are going to be hell. Do you know what I mean?
James Acaster: Just to flag up to you, I wouldn't leave it too long if you are planning on watching the other two, because the final one has callbacks to the ones you've already seen and if you leave it too long, it's gonna make no sense.
Julie Adenuga: I'm going to forget what's happened.
James Acaster: You'll be sitting there going, "This guy is absolutely shit."
Julie Adenuga: Okay, thank you for the tip. I appreciate it.
James Acaster: Also, I have a question about the food. And I know we're currently on the same team, and Ed's trying to drive a wedge between us. It's kind of succeeding, I am annoyed about the special thing. But I don't want to drive a further wedge between us, this is just a question.
Julie Adenuga: Okay, I won't be aggressive.
James Acaster: I'm not criticising you. You didn't like sparkling water because it's not natural, but you are mixing your calamari with your Sunday Roast. And I'm not sure, is that the same thing as putting the bubbles in the water? Putting the calamari in the gravy with the Sunday Roast, is it similar?
Julie Adenuga: I'm going to say no, because I'm not dipping the calamari in the gravy and eating it. I'm just chewing and swallowing. It's elementary, guys. I pick up the calamari, I chew it, I swallow it. I pick up a bit of Yorkshire Pudding, chew it, swallow. It's all chew and swallow. You know what I mean? The bubbles are in the water, I don't get to separate them with sparkling water. But with this specific scenario, they are going down at separate times. Another name for a biography.
Ed Gamble: So, no Starter?
Julie Adenuga: No, skip it.
James Acaster: Pass.
Julie Adenuga: Pass. I'm hungry, let's get into it.
Ed Gamble: The third person for me to add to my list of hatred.
James Acaster: Main Course. Main Course, here we are.
Julie Adenuga: Oh, I'm excited about the Main Course.
Ed Gamble: Calamari and Roast Dinner?
Julie Adenuga: No, Ed, no.
James Acaster: Imagine. Calamari and Roast Dinner.
Julie Adenuga: Oh my gosh. Okay, so the main course is a Nigerian dish. So it's Ground Rice with Egusi Stew. And then I have it with a bit of Tomato Stew on top, and the protein in it is beef basically. And it's absolutely scrumptious. I love it with all my heart.
James Acaster: Talk us through these stews.
Julie Adenuga: So Ground Rice is, I wish I could find an equivalent to Ground Rice. So Ground Rice is literally, ground rice, but you hit it, it almost has the texture of Play-Doh. It's like a dough. So you hit it in water, it starts as a powder, hit it, hit it, hit it until it becomes like thick and nice. And then that's it, it's done. You can add sugar to it, which my dad used to do when I was younger, but it's bad for you. So then you have that by itself. And that's just like a white ball of dough. And then Egusi Stew is literally egusi seeds that you ground and you make it with spinach. You can add crayfish or stockfish, if you want to. And then you add the beef in as well that's cooked. And then the Tomato Stew, is literally just, it's Tomato Stew. It's just blended tomatoes with pepper and stuff in it. And my mom used to add, they don't actually come together, but my mom used to add a little bit on top of the Egusi Stew, which made it just really special. And then yeah, you pick up the ground rice, dip it in the stew, eat it with the meat and it's so filling and delicious. You don't need to eat for the whole day after you've had that meal.
James Acaster: That's why you don't want a Starter beforehand.
Julie Adenuga: That's also why you don't need a Starter when you're eating Ground Rice and Egusi Stew. Very good point, James.
Ed Gamble: I prefer that argument. We could have saved a lot of hassle there if you'd just said, "My Main's quite filling, so I'm not going to have a starter. I'd have been like, "Yeah, fine."
Julie Adenuga: That does sound like something that would make you happy, yes, but that's probably why I didn't say it.
Ed Gamble: And then I'd be looking forward to the Main Course. I'd be like, "What's this Main Course going to be if it's so filling that you can't have your calamari?"
Julie Adenuga: But now you hate me so much, you don't even care about my Main Course.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, bad luck.
James Acaster: Lot of hate in this menu. Who's making this stew for you? It's your dream one -- is it the one that your mum used to make?
Julie Adenuga: Absolutely, it has to be mum's one. Has to be mum's one. I've been to a few restaurants and had it, but it's just not the same, is it? Nothing's the same as mum's one. So yeah, mum's making it. I'd actually ask my dad to make the Ground Rice. Mum would make the Egusi Stew and the Tomato Stew and the Beef.
James Acaster: Is there anywhere where you have been, restaurant wise, where you would recommend to people to get good stews?
Julie Adenuga: I would say there's a place called 805, literally those numbers. 805 in Hendon, North London. Then you have a place called Enish in Brixton. And if you live in west and east, I don't care about your existence.
James Acaster: And if you live outside of London, bad luck.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, if you live outside of London, then there probably aren't going to be any Nigerian restaurants anyway, to be fair if you're in the UK somewhere, but if you find one, well done, you found a unicorn.
James Acaster: Let us know!
Julie Adenuga: Let us know, yeah.
James Acaster: Any Nigerian restaurants outside of London, tweet the podcast, tweet Julie, also tweet pictures of marmalade at Julie.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, because I got it confused with­ What was it? Mayonnaise? No...
James Acaster: Margarine.
Julie Adenuga: Margarine!
James Acaster: You thought I was having butter, Marmite, and then margarine for dessert.
Ed Gamble: What you need to do now, listeners, is we're going to set Julie a quiz: so, either send her a picture of margarine, mayonnaise or marmalade and say, "which one is this?"
James Acaster: Yeah: "Which one is this?"
Ed Gamble: And she has to respond with the correct answer.
James Acaster: Don't send her a photo of all three and say: "name them all". Send her a photo of one of them: "which one's this?" without Googling it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: No, you just got it wrong again.
Julie Adenuga: Oh no. I'm going to get this wrong because marmalade and butter, they're the same isn't it? Am I going mad?
Julie Adenuga: What's the other one called?
James Acaster: Margarine. But margarine and butter aren't the same, margarine is like an alternative.
Julie Adenuga: Okay. So remember that thing 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter?' -- that was actually the name of it -- that was margarine, right?
Ed Gamble: Yeah I think so. I think like a butter alternative, basically.
James Acaster: It wasn't butter.
Julie Adenuga: What's the actual difference between butter and margarine?
Ed Gamble: I think margarine is made with oil, isn't it? It's made with sunflower oil or something, as opposed to being made with dairy.
Julie Adenuga: Okay, fair enough.
Ed Gamble: As far as I know.
Julie Adenuga: Send me a picture of marmalade, margarine or mayonnaise. And I will correctly guess. For every one that I get wrong, I'll donate some money to charity.
James Acaster: Oh God. Okay, great.
Ed Gamble: That's awesome. You have just absolutely opened the flood gates. So how full is this Main making it though?
Julie Adenuga: So this is the kind of main that if you had it at 6pm, you probably wouldn't even need to eat breakfast the next day.
James Acaster: Wow.
James Acaster: Whoa. So is this why, as well, you want a bit of a break before your dessert?
Julie Adenuga: Yes. Exactly, this is why -- because you need time to let the food digest. Going back to your point, Ed, 'Mr. I hate you, Julie'. When you had your Main, if it's a good enough Main, you should be too full to eat something immediately after, especially something that has been designed to feel like a reward for eating your Main.
Julie Adenuga: Oh, I'm loving this logic.
Ed Gamble: James, how do you feel about that? The gap thing, I've never seen you take a gap and also you eat a meal towards the dessert. You don't eat a meal and then have a reward as a dessert afterwards.
Julie Adenuga: Wait, what do you mean towards the dessert?
Ed Gamble: He's always thinking about the dessert.
James Acaster: It's the finish line. That's why I'm doing it. Like you say the reward, but I don't mind the gap because actually a lot of the time..
Ed Gamble: Never seen you take a gap.
James Acaster: Yeah, but that's the thing, I ruin it for myself.
Ed Gamble: Absolute bullshit.
James Acaster: I ruin it for myself.
Ed Gamble: You love the gap. Absolutely not true. You're showing off.
James Acaster: When a gap is imposed on me, I completely appreciate it and it is better. The dessert then tastes better, I'm less full. Sometimes I think to myself: "Come on mate, you can still taste the main course in your mouth. Don't have the dessert, just have a gap so you'll appreciate it more." and I can't do it. My willpower goes, "no no, we're getting the dessert now." And then I eat the dessert. And then I'm like, "Aww." And then I finish the dessert and I'm going: "You can still taste the pesto in your mouth, you idiot. You finished your banana split and you can still taste pesto. Oh, why have you done that to yourself."
James Acaster: Have you ever double desserted, James?
James Acaster: Yeah, 'course.
Ed Gamble: Are you kidding? Do you know you're speaking to, Julie?
James Acaster: Would you ask Damon Hill if he's ever driven a car?
Julie Adenuga: Do you double dessert the same dessert, or do you switch it up the second time?
James Acaster: If it's good enough, I will double dessert the same dessert. But at the minute, there's a lot of desserts in this flat because I took a crazy week off of desserts, and all that happened is we got more and they stocked up. So now I'm double desserting sometimes. Yesterday, for example... Casting my mind back to yesterday, I had a slice of cherry pie and then afterwards had some cookie dough -- so I double desserted.
Julie Adenuga: Can I just say, I don't know anyone that's ever eaten a cherry pie? You're the first person I've ever heard.
Ed Gamble: Well, I ate cherry pie yesterday as well, Julie.
Julie Adenuga: No, Ed, don't try and jump in now.
Ed Gamble: We both got sent a cherry pie from Chin Chin ice cream, and they send it frozen and then you defrost it and then put it in the oven for an hour. And it was pretty amazing.
James Acaster: Amazing. And Ed, I don't know if you ate the whole thing­
Ed Gamble: Not yet.
James Acaster: ­when it was hot? We ate half of it when it was hot and the other half I just had cold, didn't warm it up. And that was equally as good.
Ed Gamble: Oh man. There's some in the fridge. I know I'm going to do it. I'm supposed to...
James Acaster: You got to do it.
Ed Gamble: I had a heavy week. I mean, Easter weekend is a heavy weekend for diabetics if you try and enjoy yourself, because there's a lot of sugar flying around. So Easter Sunday, we had family over to sit in the garden and the cherry pie was kicking around. Then my girlfriend made a pavlova and macarons, and then obviously there's chocolate flying around, bit of ice cream... Which one are you googling, Julie?
Julie Adenuga: I'm googling Pavlova.
Ed Gamble: Right, it's like meringue and cream and berries. She made it the shape of a rabbit.
Julie Adenuga: Your girlfriend made this from scratch?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Wait, what is this?
James Acaster: Well, you look at it and tell us what you think it is.
Julie Adenuga: I have no idea what this is. It just looks like a... cream? Is the cream hard?
Ed Gamble: No, it's like whipped cream, whipped.
Julie Adenuga: So how are the fruits balancing on top of something that's not a solid? I'm so confused.
James Acaster: I think you're confusing the cream and the meringue.
Ed Gamble: So there's meringue and cream in that.
Julie Adenuga: Do you lot think I know what meringue is? You're saying 'meringue' to me with the belief that I know what it is.
Ed Gamble: Well that's one to add to the list, isn't it?
James Acaster: I'll hold my hands up: I did think you knew what meringue was.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Now everyone, when you're sending pictures, you can feel free to throw a meringue picture in there as well.
Julie Adenuga: Noooo!
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Meringue, mayonnaise, margarine, or marmalade.
James Acaster: But with the meringue, you have to accompany it with the caption: "what's for pudding?" That's the clue for Julie. That's not one of the main three. The main three -- mayonnaise, marmalade and margarine -- you have to say, "which one is this?" But if you tweet the picture of a meringue, you have to say, "what's for pudding?" And Julie has to not Google it, but has to know that it's meringue and get it right.
James Acaster: So are we having a Side Dish with this filling Main Course or are we also passing on the Side, having a break, and going to Dessert? What's going on?
Julie Adenuga: No, we're not passing on the Side, because a Side Dish is just the Main dish that couldn't fit on the same plate as the Main.
Ed Gamble: That's not true.
Julie Adenuga: That's what it is.
Ed Gamble: So as the Side Dish, you'd just have what? Just some more of what you were having as a Main in a little bowl, and call that a Side Dish?
Julie Adenuga: No, but on the Side Dish, I have Plantain or as West Indians pronounce it, "Plantin". And I have it on the side because it can't fit on the plate with the Ground Rice and the Egusi.
James Acaster: And I know you like that Ed, I know you like that Side Dish.
Ed Gamble: I do like that side dish, so you've won me over there.
Julie Adenuga: Oh, is that why you went mad quiet? Because you thought­
Ed Gamble: Yeah, because I was thinking about it. I was thinking about how nice that sounds. And also, I think it does back up what you're saying, because it goes very nicely with the main dish. So it could be on the same plate, but it's nice to have it there and bring it in when you feel like it.
Julie Adenuga: Take me off that fucking list please. Take me off that list!
Ed Gamble: No Starter, you're still on the list. I'm sorry.
Julie Adenuga: Ridiculous. But yeah, my Side Dish is Plantain because it's sweet, I could eat it by itself to be fair, but it always makes me smile whilst I'm eating. And I think you should be happy when you're eating food.
James Acaster: I would say that Plantain is becoming maybe the most popular Side Dish we've ever had.
Julie Adenuga: Oh, is it?
James Acaster: It's the most frequently mentioned Side Dish. Maybe level with or even more so than chips.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: I don't know if I'd put chips as a side though.
Ed Gamble: Of course you wouldn't. You'd probably have it as dessert -- your topsy turvy, eating habits.
Julie Adenuga: Chips are not a Side to me, they're a Main, but I can understand why they're there on the Side.
James Acaster: I think episode wise, this is the fifth time we've had Plantain as the side dish.
Ed Gamble: Are you counting unreleased ones as well? 'Cause I think there might but a couple of unreleased ones.
James Acaster: No, these are just the released ones. I do think there's some unreleased ones that are still to come out with that.
Julie Adenuga: I can't wait to go to your real restaurant when you guys make it, because there better be Plantain on the menu.
James Acaster: I mean, it's gonna happen one day, right?
Julie Adenuga: Has to.
James Acaster: I reckon, here's what the end game is for this podcast: we open our own restaurants and we'll have done hundreds of episodes by then, and every day the menu is a different episode of the podcast.
Julie Adenuga: Brilliant! Genius. Genius!
James Acaster: So basically, we should probably stop at a certain amount, like 300 and something episodes. Not 365, but around that. We have a certain number of days off a year, but each day of the year is a different guests' menu. And then New Year, we start again at the first episode of the podcast, Scroobius Pip, and then we work our way through to whoever the final episode is.
Julie Adenuga: Can my menu be on my birthday, please? That'd be really great. 'Cause then I can come to the restaurant on my birthday and have my meal.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, for sure.
James Acaster: We'll try and do that as often as possible, actually. Put people's menus on their birthday.
Julie Adenuga: On their birthday, yeah.
Ed Gamble: But some days are gonna be horrible, aren't they?
James Acaster: Yeah, some people haven't chosen nice menus.
Julie Adenuga: That's the point, I guess.
Ed Gamble: I mean, the restaurant's gonna run a serious loss, because some days it's just going to be the person whose episode it was showing up.
Julie Adenuga: Just in the restaurant by themselves.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Having fun though.
James Acaster: What's your dream drink, Julie?
Julie Adenuga: Oh, you're gonna hate this.
James Acaster: Oh, this is interesting. I can't imagine a drink that we're gonna hate.
Julie Adenuga: You're going to hate it because just, content wise, it's not really fun. Is it?
James Acaster: You're going for water again?
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, absolutely.
Ed Gamble: Unbelievable.
Julie Adenuga: It's water. It is water. It has to be water. Why would it be anything else? Why?
Ed Gamble: Because of all the other drinks in the world?
Julie Adenuga: You know what it is guys? I'm not an alcohol drinker -- so that takes loads of stuff off the list. And then in terms of juice... Oh, hold on.
James Acaster: Here we go. Someone's just remembered a juice they like. Here's the categories: alcohol no, juice woooo...
Ed Gamble: And that sound announces the arrival of the juice owl.
James Acaster: Did you buy a sofa from that place?
Julie Adenuga: Moooi! Hold on, listen. Ooh, okay. See, here's the issue right now guys. Big conundrum: my actual favourite drink doesn't go with this meal.
Ed Gamble: That's fine. But if you wouldn't mind having the drink with the meal you don't need to worry, on the face of it, if it goes with it.
Julie Adenuga: Okay. In that case then it's Copella cloudy apple juice.
Ed Gamble: There you go.
James Acaster: Lovely.
Julie Adenuga: But also with a side of water.
Ed Gamble: You've got the water. We can't stress this enough, Julie. You've got the water already. That's throughout the meal, you don't just get one glass.
Julie Adenuga: Okay. Fine. Fair. Then it's Copella cloudy apple juice. Although, guys!
Ed Gamble: She's remembered another juice.
Julie Adenuga: I recently discovered in lockdown. I recently discovered elderflower and apple juice from Copella and wow, what an absolute bazinga!
Julie Adenuga: Oh it's a bazinga! Listen, people kept telling me to have elderflower with champagne. What's that word you used earlier? Cordial?
James Acaster: Oh, it's a bazinga?
James Acaster: Yeah, cordial.
Julie Adenuga: Put some elderflower cordial in champagne, but I don't like champagne -- I think it tastes like hell. Then I saw it on the apple juice and I was like, "oh, that's going to be disgusting." But no, it was scrumptious. So I'm going to go... No, we're sticking to the originals because we're a natural original group of people: I'm going with Copella cloudy apple juice.
Ed Gamble: Sometimes Julie, you'll love this, I find apple juice a bit too sweet for me so what I like to do is do half a glass of apple juice and then top it up with sparkling water.
Julie Adenuga: I'm not angry at that.
Ed Gamble: Okay, interesting.
Julie Adenuga: I know you want me to be aggressive.
Ed Gamble: No. No, I...
Julie Adenuga: I know that's your goal, Ed.
Ed Gamble: If that was my goal, I won this game before it even kicked off.
Julie Adenuga: But no, I'm not opposed to adding sparkling water to things, because a friend of mine told me to have cranberry juice with sparkling water and a dash of lime. And it was actually quite nice. So I'm not aggressive on that one -- yet.
James Acaster: That's okay. Tell us about Copella. I've not seen this brand anywhere.
Ed Gamble: You definitely have.
James Acaster: I have seen it.
Julie Adenuga: You are lying. You've told a lie there.
James Acaster: I'm not lying. I didn't say you were a liar when you didn't know what marmalade was earlier.
Ed Gamble: This is what James would do. This is his idea of a catfish: he'd go online and he'd be exactly as he is in real life but he'd be like, "I've never even heard of Copella."
James Acaster: Well, since this is the episode where we Google everything, I'm gonna...
Julie Adenuga: You've seen it, 100%.
James Acaster: Google "Copella juice".
Julie Adenuga: It's like saying that you've never seen Ribena.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah yeah, I've seen it. Nice bottle actually. It has immediately­ I didn't even put "cloudy apple", but cloudy apple's the top of the list.
Julie Adenuga: So Copella, how did I discover... Actually I'm going to shout out Cyan, my good friend Cyan. She was onto Copella cloudy apple juice very early. I actually was dissing her about it for a while. So she was talking about it, like it was the bees knees and I was living in Just Juice land. Now Just Juice over time, I've realised is actually a trash brand for juices. It's really rubbish -- sorry, Just Juice fans. And for a long time I was living in Sun Exotic and Just Juice land. And then I don't know what happened: one day, I just Copella'd and I've never gone back. It is just, it is honestly a great time. So Cyan, I want to publicly apologise to you, for shitting on you, when you knew what the truth was.
James Acaster: What kind of stuff would you say to her when you used to shit on her for liking Copella juice?
Julie Adenuga: It wasn't what I said, it was more my face expressions. You guys can tell that I'm normally quite a happy person. You know when you see someone go out of their way for something and in your head, you're thinking, just relax. It was just a very much, just relax, this is not the best thing in the world. Calm down, stop overreacting to your shit juice. And then, I had to eat my words. I might take her some today actually, just as an apology.
James Acaster: "So I was talking to a couple of absolute idiots today about juice..."
Julie Adenuga: Only one, only one idiot!
James Acaster: Thank you.
Ed Gamble: Outrageous.
James Acaster: And it made you realise how much of a good friend she was, you want to bring her some cloudy apple Copella juice -- which is now your favourite drink.
Ed Gamble: I think the cloudy makes the juice grown-up. Do you know what I mean? I think if you were saying to anyone else, "I'm having an apple juice." I think that sounds a bit like quite a childish drink choice, but the fact that you want the cloudy apple juice makes it sound a bit more refined, a bit more grown-up.
Julie Adenuga: That's one of my favourite things you've ever said, Ed.
Ed Gamble: Thank you.
James Acaster: Interesting.
Ed Gamble: I still think it's a fucking disgrace of a choice, but...
James Acaster: I think one of my favourite drink moments, I really remember it very vividly. One morning, just a normal morning like any other, I woke up and I didn't brush my teeth or anything, I just went straight downstairs. I'd forgotten... Normally I'd brush my teeth before having breakfast, but I didn't do it that morning. I just woke up and walked down stairs, forgot, poured myself a glass of apple juice, took a swig, and it was like, someone had taken like those defibrillators and put them on my tongue. Electric shock to my tongue. It tasted so whoa, like my tongue just went from being all scummy and like, y'know, asleep and all covered in whatever. And then: whoa, it just woke up and it just felt so good. And I was like, this is the best feeling in the world -- I love apple juice straight away in the morning now. And it was like, I never really recreated it again but that first time it happened, it felt so good. I thought, wow, this is such a sensation.
Julie Adenuga: I am speechless that that even had a name -- that it was called a 'drink moment'.
Ed Gamble: A 'drink moment' for James, yeah.
James Acaster: A 'drink moment' for me.
Julie Adenuga: And then it actually turned into... It was a drink moment. I didn't even know how you were gonna land with that one but you landed, it was impressive.
James Acaster: It's a really clear, vivid memory for me, of doing it. I was a teenager...
Julie Adenuga: Oh, this is your teenage years?
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: And you've never tried it again since?
James Acaster: Yeah, I've done it again since but hasn't had the same effect, because it's not caught me off guard. I've anticipated it every time because I've been doing it deliberately. That time it was like, I'd forgotten that hadn't brushed my teeth yet and it was just like, wow.
Ed Gamble: It's how all, I think, drugs and things like that work. It's always the first time and you're just chasing that high.
James Acaster: I'm chasing the dragon. I'm chasing that Apple dragon.
Ed Gamble: You should wake up in the middle of the night and try and surprise your body and have a swig of apple juice.
James Acaster: I should ask my girlfriend, because I always have a glass of water by the side of the bed. I should say to her, just one night a year, don't tell me what night it is, switch that glass for apple juice. Don't tell me about it. And in the night when I can't see what I'm drinking, I'll have a swig, I'll be like: "woohoo, it's the drink moment! It happened again!"
Ed Gamble: And you know what? I think because it's you, if you said to your girlfriend: "Switch my water with apple juice one night in the year, don't tell me when." She would not bat an eyelid. She'd be like, "All right, yeah. Of course you're asking me that."
James Acaster: Yeah. "Have you been hanging out with Ed again?"
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's like when you asked me to change the hand soap for honey.
James Acaster: Yeah
Julie Adenuga: I'm sorry, what?
Ed Gamble: I made that up.
James Acaster: But the fact you believed it does speak volumes. So we're having a little bit of a break now before dessert, I imagine. Maybe you're out in the beer garden having your Copella cloudy apple juice?
Julie Adenuga: I like that -- although Nigerian restaurants don't have beer gardens, James, they just have gardens.
James Acaster: Okay.
Julie Adenuga: I think there'd just be an outdoor section. I don't know if we'd call it a beer garden. I think there'd be­
James Acaster: Apple juice garden?
Julie Adenuga: Oh. Nah.
James Acaster: Copella garden?
Julie Adenuga: It'd just be the outdoor... It'd be the outdoor after-party section, that's what it would be. There'd be a DJ out there, definitely be a DJ out there.
James Acaster: Who's DJing in the Dream Restaurant?
Julie Adenuga: Oooh? Easy, I think? If we're gonna pick someone at the Nigerian restaurant... Actually no, it's not easy. At the Nigerian restaurant, who is DJing? Black Coffee. That's a good vibe, I think.
James Acaster: Appropriately named for your drink course.
Ed Gamble: Would you like your apple juice to be sponsored by Apple, to plug your radio show?
Julie Adenuga: No.
James Acaster: Is that what you're doing, sneakily?
Ed Gamble: Are we going to look back and find out every single course is deliberately designed to plug something in your career?
Julie Adenuga: I would never do that on purpose.
Ed Gamble: For your Side Dish, I'd like one beetroot -- so Beats 1.
James Acaster: Yeah, very good.
Julie Adenuga: I can't believe how much I hate you.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I was gonna ask you if you wanted ice in it before realising what a dumb question that was.
Julie Adenuga: At least you've been listening to me.
Ed Gamble: I've been taking it in. You don't want dirty tap water in your apple juice.
Julie Adenuga: Stop making it sound like it's a bad thing that I don't want dirty tap water in there. I just don't want it.
Ed Gamble: No, I think that's one of the things that's genuinely gonna change my outlook on things. When anyone brings me a glass of water with ice in it, I don't think I'll be able to drink it without thinking: Julie Adenuga said this is dirty tap water.
James Acaster: We arrive at the desert, I'm feeling good about this -- you and I, both? It's the reward, like you said. I really like your philosophy on the whole meal, the meal as a whole. I think you've been right about every course. I'm looking forward to hearing what the dessert is.
Julie Adenuga: Oh no, that's a lot of pressure, James.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. It's calamari, isn't it?
Julie Adenuga: No, it's the greatest dessert of all time. There are no arguments about this. I think every single restaurant in the world should have this dessert.
James Acaster: I love this build up.
Julie Adenuga: There's no reason to not have it -- and when done correctly it honestly tastes like heaven. My dessert is an Apple Crumble with Custard. Not an apple-almond-rhubarb crumble, not fucking an apple crumble with a nought .1% layer of crumble and heaps of apple. A fucking equal or more crumble. Apple crumble with warm custard, not ice cream. Never ice cream. If you bring me apple crumble with ice cream, I will throw it on the floor, and I will hope that some of it splashes up onto your face.
Ed Gamble: Well, if you throw apple crumble with ice cream on the floor, I'm going to get on the floor and open my mouth.
Julie Adenuga: Why?
Ed Gamble: Because it's delicious. It is the only thing to have with apple crumble.
Julie Adenuga: No no no -- wait, what?
James Acaster: The only thing to have with apple crumble or rhubarb crumble­
Ed Gamble: You need the cold and the hot together­
Julie Adenuga: James! James! Say something!
Julie Adenuga: James! Say something!
Ed Gamble: Ice melting and there's little rivers of the... James, I know you agree with me on this.
James Acaster: I don't agree with you.
Ed Gamble: You agree with me that you need a cold thing on the hot crumble, you said it the other day.
Julie Adenuga: Oh my gosh, what's happening?
James Acaster: Well, here's the thing: yes, I do like cold things on the hot crumble. However, my­ You look horrified, but hear me out. I'm not just saying this to be in the middle here. My genuine topping of choice on a hot apple crumble, and I agree with you about the ratios as well on the crumble, is cold custard.
Julie Adenuga: That's fine. That's fine. I'm not upset about that.
Ed Gamble: Why are you not upset about that?
Julie Adenuga: I'm not upset about that, that's fine. Ice cream on crumble is the fucking dumbest shit in the whole world, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Well all ice cream is, is very cold custard.
Julie Adenuga: Just don't do that. Ed, don't do that.
Ed Gamble: It's just very cold custard!
Julie Adenuga: If you continue, you're going on my list and you'll be the only person on there.
James Acaster: This is my favourite episode.
Ed Gamble: I'm happy to be on that list if it's for ice cream on crumble, that is a hill I will die on.
Ed Gamble: I'd go custard on pie. Carry on.
Julie Adenuga: Let me explain. If it's an apple pie, go ice cream­ Can you hear my stomach rumbling? This is how hungry I am. If it's an apple pie, go crazy with the ice cream. Go mad with the ice cream. Get all the ice cream. If it's a pie, go ice cream crazy. On a crumble­ Excuse me?
Julie Adenuga: Are you fucking kidding me?
Ed Gamble: Because of the crispy pastry, I'd like to get it in the custard, make it a bit soggy and yeah.
James Acaster: No, you want to keep the pastry­
Julie Adenuga: You're disgusting. Ed, you're actually disgusting. You're actually nasty.
James Acaster: He is nasty, isn't he?
Julie Adenuga: I'm going to tell your girlfriend she deserves better. She shouldn't be making fucking rabbit shaped pavlovas for you.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Let me explain. Crumble, yeah?
Ed Gamble: I can't believe I'm being spoken to like this, by a woman who would put gravy on calamari.
Julie Adenuga: I did not say that, that is not a direct quote­
Ed Gamble: You did! Direct quote: I like calamari with gravy.
Julie Adenuga: 1:Fuck. With crumble, okay, you need the ratios to be correct. You either want more crumble or equal to the apple. You never want less crumble.
Ed Gamble: Agree with that.
Julie Adenuga: The reason why the custard works so well with the crumble is because when you pour it on top, the way the custard seeps into the crumble, it's like a marriage of fucking beauty and fucking deliciousness. It cannot be replicated in any other way, and then when you push your spoon through the custard, through the crumble, into the apple, it's just like the earth's core. You know how hot the earth's core is. It just feels and tastes and looks like what happiness is.
Ed Gamble: You like the way it seeps in?
Ed Gamble: No, of course it does.
Julie Adenuga: It's all of it. You know when they showed you a cross-section of the earth and you can see the magnus rock and the something, and it looks beautiful. When it's ice cream- Just a bowl or a scoop of fucking shit ice cream. It doesn't seep. It just sits on top.
Julie Adenuga: No, it doesn't.
Ed Gamble: Julie, it melts. What ice cream are you talking about?
Julie Adenuga: No, that's my point. When ice cream melts, it's just bullshit. Melted ice cream is bullshit. Have you not noticed that? Melted ice cream is cream and that is shit. Cream on a crumble is bollocks. So when you have the scoop of the ice cream with the crumble, they don't merge. It's just smashing two solids together. It's pointless and stupid. And you, Ed­
Ed Gamble: Lying, you're just lying about it.
Julie Adenuga: You, Ed, are getting a mute and a block on social media for your ridiculous preferences. I'm really upset that you eat ice cream and apple crumble. That's really upset me. Out of everything you've said today, that is upsetting.
Ed Gamble: All through that little rant there that you had about custard and crumble, I was just thinking about having vanilla ice cream on hot apple crumble.
Julie Adenuga: Look how basic you are. You're basic. You're such a basic bitch.
Ed Gamble: I'm not a basic bitch.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I would.
James Acaster: I do think that if you're going to put ice cream on an apple crumble, which I personally would not do, I'd choose the cold custard. I think you do have to choose vanilla ice cream if you are doing it.
James Acaster: I think that is the flavour you should choose.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Do whatever, it doesn't matter because you shouldn't do it anyway. That's like saying, if you are going to kill someone, you should shoot them in their head. Well you shouldn't even kill anyone in the first place so whatever you're going to do it's bollocks. Whether it's vanilla ice cream, strawberry, chocolate, it doesn't matter. It's all stupid and it shouldn't be done and Ed, I'm going to make you change your mind because it makes me angry that you are living a life with crumble and ice cream. You're just waking up in the morning and thinking that that's normal. It really infuriates me.
Ed Gamble: I'll be honest, you pretty quickly went to shooting someone in the head while you were talking there. You are pretty angry about this.
James Acaster: It's just an example that she happened to pluck out of the air.
Ed Gamble: We already know you've got a toaster in your bedroom, so now I'm worried.
James Acaster: 1:Ed, when you were listening to Julie's description there, didn't you think that the description of the custard and how evenly it covers the crumble... Even though the ice cream melts, it's not covering everything evenly.
Ed Gamble: Listen, I don't want everything covered evenly. I want some­
Julie Adenuga: No no no no no, Ed, sorry. You need to give James­
Ed Gamble: I want some things­
Julie Adenuga: You need to give James a moment of silence after that, because that was like Einstein with E=mc2.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I'll give him a moment of silence to commemorate the death of an idea.
James Acaster: MC squared, right?
Julie Adenuga: That was genius, genius thinking.
Ed Gamble: You don't want everything evenly covered. You want some spoons with just crumble, some spoons with just apple, some with just apple and crumble, and then some spoons with the ice cream, the apple, the crumble.
Julie Adenuga: What is he talking about?
James Acaster: Any time, I've been in the situation where there's been ice cream on a crumble or something, all I'm thinking is about the ratios all the way through. I'm thinking, "oh, it's not melting fast. I'm going to have a big load of ice cream on it's own at the end."
Ed Gamble: Oh that's a problem for you now, is it James? Are you kidding me? Suddenly you don't want a load of ice cream by itself at the end? That's your life. Your life is a big load of ice cream at the end.
Julie Adenuga: 1:If you want to eat ice cream by itself, then do that. If you want to eat an apple crumble by itself, then do that.
Ed Gamble: I will, and I'll put them together.
Julie Adenuga: You can't put a lump of ice cream next to it and think, "Sometimes I'm going to get a bit of crumble by itself. Sometimes I'm going to get a mixture of all three. Sometimes..." It's like, what you're doing?! What is it that you want to do today?
Ed Gamble: Right. Good impression of me, first of all, well done.
Julie Adenuga: No, I'm sorry. To me that just sounds like you're a very indecisive person who doesn't actually know what they want in life. So what you do is you give yourself options within your one dessert, of having ice cream by itself, crumble by itself, or a mix. That's silly. That's that's why you like starters, because you don't actually know what you want so you get starters and then you're like, "Hmm, this was all right, but I'm not going to have it for my main," and then you get a different main.
Ed Gamble: I'm ambitious, Julie, I want it all.
James Acaster: She's destroyed it.
James Acaster: I want it all, Julie. I want to have a taste of everything. Why not?
Julie Adenuga: No, that's wrong, Ed. If you want something, you go and you get it. If you want apple crumble and ice cream, you should have one where the ice cream and the crumble come together as one. They're a unit.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I want apple crumble, I want ice cream. I don't want the two together. I don't want what you want, which is a big load of a bowl of sludge, is what you want. You want a bowl of sludge. You want to take all the crisp out the crumble, by covering it in custard and you want to mix it all up and you want to eat it like you're in an old people's home, and I for one think it's absolutely disgusting.
Julie Adenuga: Oh, are you being eldist? Elderist? Elderelist? Are you being ageist?
James Acaster: Yeah. Yeah, I am.
James Acaster: Also, he's being a hypocrite. He's being a hypocrite because he said that he likes putting custard on his apple pie to make the pastry less crispy.
Ed Gamble: No, I want some crispy, I want some not crispy. I want to be able to vary it. I'm sorry. I want a life of variety.
Julie Adenuga: No, you're one of them people that just- you like social media, innit? You like having loads of followers and you like loads of people knowing your business, you like to see everything. You can't just pick what you want and stick with it. You want a bit of everything. People like you ruin the world, right?
James Acaster: Well, that is the harshest attack anyone's ever heard on this podcast.
Ed Gamble: Sparkly water ruined the world earlier and now it's me.
Julie Adenuga: You and sparkling water, but it's the same same, Ed. It's the same same.
James Acaster: It's the most aggressive attack that's ever been on the podcast and I still don't understand why it started with the social media.
Ed Gamble: No, me neither.
James Acaster: Absolutely no idea what that had to do with liking ice cream on an apple crumble. "Oh you're the kind of person who likes social media and you like all of your followers and you're what's wrong with the world." What?
Julie Adenuga: You set me off on a tangent. This is how passionate I am about crumble and custard. Look what it makes me do, it makes me shout at people that I actually like. I really like you, Ed.
James Acaster: I think you can both agree­ this is my attempt to unite you...
Julie Adenuga: Okay, go on.
James Acaster: So we're in the restaurant. Julie, you're eating your apple crumble with your hot custard. Ed's on another table, he's got a bowl of apple crumble with ice cream­
Julie Adenuga: He's in another room, but keep going.
James Acaster: You're both staring daggers at each other, it's not going well. In walks a new customer, they sit down at a table in between the two of you, and they order an apple crumble with a jug of pouring cream. Do you both hate that person?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Despise them.
James Acaster: There you go.
Julie Adenuga: I would actually invite Ed to my table and we would sit and eat our crumbles and talk about this stupid person with pouring cream who's over there.
Ed Gamble: You know what I'd do: on the way over to your table, I'd knock that cream all over their lap.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Julie Adenuga: Excellent, yes!
James Acaster: It'd go all over their phone while they're checking all their social media.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I bet they love social media, those pouring cream arseholes.
James Acaster: 1:I'm gonna read your menu back to you now, see how you feel about it? Water: still, room temperature, no ice, no lemon. Fuck sparkling water.
Julie Adenuga: Yes, definitely add that in.
James Acaster: Poppadoms or Bread? Poppadoms in quarters, e.g. 9 o'clock, 12 o'clock, with curry and rice on top of it, like a pizza slice. Starter: pass. Main Course: Ground Rice, made by your dad, with Beef, Egusi Stew and Tomato Stew on top, made by your mum. Side Dish: Plantain. Drink: Copella cloudy apple juice, out in the garden, Black Coffee's DJ. Dessert: Apple Crumble -- more or equal crumble to the amount of apple -- with warm custard on top? Ed is on another table, you invite him over when the pouring cream person comes.
Julie Adenuga: That is absolutely amazing.
Ed Gamble: Hearing the menu back it is nice.
Julie Adenuga: Ah, also I take back all of the mean things that I said to you about your whole ice cream crumble situation.
Ed Gamble: No you don't. I can see it in your eyes, you don't take any of those things back.
Julie Adenuga: No, look at my eyes, I'm taking it back. I've taken it back.
James Acaster: Yeah?
Ed Gamble: Okay.
Julie Adenuga: But I love the menu. I love this restaurant. I'm going to get you guys some trads to wear, some traditional Nigerian clothes to wear when you're serving up so you fit in. Otherwise you look a bit weird in pink tops.
James Acaster: Who do you think would look better in the trad clothes?
Julie Adenuga: I'm going to be honest with you, James.
James Acaster: This sounds like it's going to be Ed.
Julie Adenuga: Yeah, it's definitely Ed. It's Ed, I didn't want to lie.
James Acaster: That's alright.
Julie Adenuga: Anyway, but I'm going to get you a nice hat. I think you'd look good in a hat, James.
James Acaster: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much for coming to the Dream Restaurant, Julie.
Julie Adenuga: Thank you for having me.
Ed Gamble: We've got a lot of leftover hot custard. You can take that with you, because we won't be needing it again.
Julie Adenuga: No, James can wait for it to cool down and then you can have it after.
James Acaster: Let it go cold!
Ed Gamble: There we have it, the Off Menu menu of Julie Adenuga. What a lovely menu, I've got to say. It's a pity there were so many arguments to get there.
James Acaster: Were there? I felt like I got on with her really well, me and Julie.
Ed Gamble: You just sat there, you let Julie attack me for my perfectly valid views and you sat there on the fence.
James Acaster: Everyone's got different viewpoints. I happen to agree with Julie on those ones.
Ed Gamble: I know you like cold ice cream on crumble.
James Acaster: Look, I would prefer cold custard.
Ed Gamble: Tell the truth now, Julie's gone. Julie's gone, so tell the truth. Do you like cold ice cream on crumble and do you agree with me that it is nice?
James Acaster: Yeah, but it is not my preference.
Ed Gamble: James.
James Acaster: My preference is cold custard.
Ed Gamble: So should you have maybe backed me up and said that, that you don't mind cold ice cream on crumble and that you would eat it?
James Acaster: No no, I'll take it if it's going. Look, I'm going to take it if it's going.
Ed Gamble: Yeah exactly, and you know that if you'd said that to Julie, she would have torn strips off you.
James Acaster: Oh no, not me.
Ed Gamble: So you kept it quiet.
James Acaster: Julie's my friend, she wouldn't have done that. You're the one tearing strips off me, actually. I think you're the bully actually. Benito, I'm being bullied again!
Ed Gamble: 1:Thank you very much -- we mentioned the cherry pies there that were sent to us from Chin-Chin, absolutely delicious.
James Acaster: Yes, absolutely delicious.
Ed Gamble: Worth checking them out.
James Acaster: I'd like to say thank you to Karma Cola as well, if I may, Ed. They sent me some raspberry lemonades.
Ed Gamble: Yes, they sent me some too.
James Acaster: Oh did they? It means less now.
Ed Gamble: Right? Big fan of Karma Cola in this house, anyway, especially the Lemony Lemon.
James Acaster: Yeah, love Lemony Lemon. I love the Gingerella. Oh, I got sent a load of Estrella.
Ed Gamble: Did you? Good for you.
James Acaster: Oh yeah, unexpectedly.
Ed Gamble: Unexpectedly?
James Acaster: Yeah, I didn't even know that was coming.
Ed Gamble: I know that what's happened there: you've been told about it, you've forgotten and then it's arrived.
James Acaster: Yeah, unexpectedly. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, and thank you to Julie for not saying tongue.
Ed Gamble: 1:Yes, well done Julie -- although if there's any people who are in the tongue game and would like to send me some tongue, you're very welcome.
James Acaster: Sure. Do not send it to me. I will only forward it onto Ed.
Ed Gamble: Send me some tongue, I'll make a pie or something.
James Acaster: Isabella dos Santos!
Ed Gamble: Don't forget that Catfish UK is on Wednesdays at 9pm, only on MTV -- check that out. Julie is hosting with Oobah Butler. It's gonna be a great show.
James Acaster: Fantastic. @OffMenuOfficial on Twitter and Instagram, offmenupodcast.co.uk is the website -- whole list of restaurants that are on there. JamesAcaster.com -- go on there and there is a link to my latest special: Cold Lasagna Hate Myself 1999, which you can buy and watch as many times as you like.
Ed Gamble: But as we all know with your stuff, you have to take a little break now and again.
James Acaster: Oh no.
Ed Gamble: You can't watch too much of it. So look, I'd say before you buy James' special, go onto Netflix and watch as much Repertoire as you can handle in one sitting and if it's not very much, there's no point in buying another one.
James Acaster: Oh dear. This is not the right podcast to have promoted my stand-up on, actually. I should have chosen a different episode. This is very damning.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much for listening to Off Menu. We will see you again in the Dream Restaurant sometime soon. Goodbye.
James Acaster: Bye bye!
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the most delicious podcast on the internet - Off Menu with Ed Gamble and James a caster, but beware don't eat the liver. It's deadly poisonous. Hello, James.
James Acaster: Wow, I did not see that twist coming in the intro, very scary. People who have never listened to this podcast before are now going to be quite scared. They're gonna think it's a horror podcast, but it's not a horror podcast.
Ed Gamble: It's not a horror podcast, although we could we should do a horror podcast me and you.
James Acaster: Yeah, I think we could do quite a good one, goth-menu.
Ed Gamble: goth-menu. Yeah.
James Acaster: Good. I'm trying to think of things to add to it. I don't feel can improve on that.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, let's just leave it where it is. It's perfect joke from a perfect guy. But this is not a horror podcast. It is a food podcast James.
James Acaster: we invite a guest into the dream restaurant every week and we ask them their favourite ever; starter main course dessert side dish and drink not in that order. And this week, our special guest is Rafe Spall,
Ed Gamble: Rafe Spall, a brilliant actor, an actor of much repute, James, he's done so much brilliant stuff.
James Acaster: We love Rafe Spall, so do you. That's why you're listening to this podcast. It's very exciting to have Rafe Spall on the podcast, but what food will he choose? And will he choose the secret ingredient which will mean that even though he's Rafe Spall, we will kick him out of the dream restaurant?
Ed Gamble: And this week's secret ingredient is, Dandelion and Burdock.
James Acaster: Dandelion and Burdock.
Ed Gamble: what is it? What is that drink?
James Acaster: I don't like it
Ed Gamble: no, me neither. I think I've only tasted it once. Maybe.
James Acaster: Yeah, I know what a dandelion is, still not clear on what a burdock is. Yeah, don't think that a drink should be made out of them.
Ed Gamble: No, sir. No, sir. Thank you very much. It's quite an old school drink isn't it? It's something you might hear about like your granddad might go. Well, I remember when I was a little boy. I had my little shorts on running over from school for me cold dandelion and burdock.
James Acaster: Yeah. That was a very good impression of a grandad. Yeah. You hear those stories and it doesn't make you go, I wish I was a kid when granddad was a kid, that sounds horrible. It just sounds like they've gone to a field or like a garden that's overgrown and just pulled up all the weeds and all the different stuff, put it in a sieve and strained it and then shook it up a bit and gone. This is a fizzy drink, this'll do.
Ed Gamble: Oh, it was such a treat back in my day, dandelion and burdock. It was a perfect little drink to have with you boiled stomach.
James Acaster: I like this character. Whats the character called?
Ed Gamble: Granddad Ed.
James Acaster: Granddad Ed.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Grandad Ed. Would you like to eat, Granddad Ed?
Ed Gamble: Well, of course the boiled stomachs very nice. Mashed swede
James Acaster: Got boiled sweets?
Ed Gamble: I love boiled sweets, I'm always sucking on a boiled sweet. Well, I've tried to hide them but I found them again. They're in the VHS cases.
James Acaster: Oh very very sneaky wife.
Ed Gamble: Sneaky wife.
James Acaster: So if Rafe Spall says dandelion and burdock. We will kick him out but we welcome in granddad Ed to the resturant.
Ed Gamble: Yes, graddad Ed, will be there instead doing his dream menu. I think we all know what desserts gonna be.
James Acaster: Yeah,
Ed Gamble: But hopefully Rafe Spall will not to be kicked out of the dream restaurant I because hopefully he'll be trying his best which is a coincidence because trying is the name of his sitcom which is on Apple TV plus. Its a second season and it's streaming from the 14th of May. You can get the first season now.
James Acaster: Yes fantastic. Very exciting stuff and add that was such a good link into that. Really, really you're on you're on your game today you're A-game.
Ed Gamble: Well lets hope that form maintains itself when we hear the off menu menu of Rafe Spall.
Ed Gamble: Welcome Rafe Spall to the dream restaurant.
Rafe Spall: Look out.
James Acaster: Welcome Rafe Spall to the dream resturant.We've been expected for some time.
Rafe Spall: well I'm so pleased to be here.
Ed Gamble: It's it's very nice to have you here, Rafe. apologies for my internet cutting out there at that that inopportune moment. That's like being welcomed to a restaurant and they immediately slam the door in your face. As soon as you get to the porch. So apologies.
James Acaster: You ever been refused entry? You ever been refused entry to a restaurant or cafe or an establishment Rafe?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, you know, this sounds apocryphal. But you know that thing where you get turned down from a nightclub because you've got trainers on and then you put your socks over your trainers?
James Acaster: No,
Ed Gamble: Yeah
Rafe Spall: I've done that before.
James Acaster: No, i've never heard of that before.
Rafe Spall: Because there used to be a thing because because I came of sort of, like my teens. I grew up in southeast London in the 90s. And at that time, UK garage was a big thing. Right? Yeah. And especially on the Old Kent road. That was the sort of, the beating heart of the UK garage scene, right? And garage, their whole thing was like sexy and stylish, right? You had to come looking nice. Yeah. So a lot of the things would be like, no caps, no trainers, no attitude, right? Those were the three things about not getting into a club. And sometimes, well, one time, I didn't actually do it. So I'm using some licence here. A friend of mine turned up with trainers on and probably a little bit of attitude. And we, and we
were turned away. And then someone said, just take your black socks off, put them over your trainers. And he did. And we sailed on into Cookies and Cream garage night.
Ed Gamble: cookies and cream. Wow.
James Acaster: Food related, immediatly.
Rafe Spall: See, that story did come round
James Acaster: you knew what you were doing
Ed Gamble: Were the bouncers letting that slide? Did they know the sock trick? Or were they just not looking properly and they thought,
Rafe Spall: They just thought you had big shoes on.
James Acaster: Big wooly shoes
Rafe Spall: Exactly. big fluffy shoes. He thought none the wiser, he thought he'd gone home and got changed into some respectable shoes. Alas, no, it was a ruse.
James Acaster: If someone was to make a film about the 90s, UK garage scene. I mean, we already know you definitely want to be in it.
Rafe Spall: I do
James Acaster: It's your upbringing, it's where you come from, but like, who would you want to play in that film? If you look back at the garage scene, all the big names in it, or the big players, who would you want to play?
Rafe Spall: Well, two local celebrities, where I grew up. were two MCs called Nikki S and Nike. Oh, yeah. And I remember once, I was really, I was in this place called the Paradise Bar and Brockley and Nikki S had just done a storming set. People were really sort of in awe of him. And he came walking towards me
and he made eye contact with me and he put his fist up to fist bump me. Yeah. And I put my fist up. I fought he knows who I am, and he sailed straight past me and fist bumped someone behind me.
Ed Gamble: Oh, no,
Ed Gamble: I would say Nikki S gets his fist bumps ready too early. In that case? And that is not your fault.
Rafe Spall: Exactly, but but there's sort of UK garage voice. I don't know if you, maybe you don't, if you weren't that sort of ofay with UK garage radio in the 90's, it was that sort of like ladies crew bubbling fresh. You know that sort of like, shout out to all the ladies in the venue. It's gonna be a road block event. It was like no one has ever spoken like that. And I don't know why. I don't know how they settled on that voice as the voice to get people jazzed up about the garriage night.
Ed Gamble: Who was the first guy to do that voice and at what point did everyone go? Yeah, well, we're gonna stick with it.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, listen, we should probably do a, we should probably do an advert for for this club night. How do you even sound on an advert? Lady is and let me tell you. It's gonna be a bangin night.
Ed Gamble: What is what is bubbling, bubbling fresh mean? Cos I've heard people say that before.
Rafe Spall: well, bubbling is dancing. And fresh is real fresh dancing.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: I see. Speaking of voices, I didn't know what you really sounded like rife until just now?
Rafe Spall: Are you surprised?
James Acaster: Yeah, I've seen you. I've seen you in a lot of films a lot of TV. And I think I've only heard you speak like this and Shaun of the Dead. I don't think I've heard you use this voice anywhere else.
Rafe Spall: I'm just, I'm literally putting it on now. This is not how I speak. I speak like that garage voice, that's how I that's how I usually talk. How was your day at school?
James Acaster: is that to your kids? Is that how you talk to them?
Rafe Spall: What are you thinkin for dinner?
Ed Gamble: Ladies.
Rafe Spall: This is how I sound? Yeah.
James Acaster: Have you always been good at voices because I'm obsessed with people who are good at voices I can't do any voices except my own. I can't do accents. Anyone who can, I think is amazing. And don't feel pressured Rafe into doing your repertoire or anything because he always does this when we have actors on he gets all excited.
Rafe Spall: James, if someone said to you, you will die if you don't do one accent and you could and you could back yourself to do one, what would the what would the one be that you would back yourself to do?
James Acaster: Oh God,
Ed Gamble: can you have a go the UK garage voice
James Acaster: Bubblin fresh, Ladies. Ladies. Bubbling fresh.
Rafe Spall: That sounds more like thieves do not operate at this fairground. Thats more like that.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah,
Ed Gamble: It did sound like James Acaster garage Club night. There's always a hint of Acaster in everything that you do, I think.
Rafe Spall: James Where did you grow up? Where's your accent from
James Acaster: Kettering, Northamptonshire, Kettering
Rafe Spall: I did a play set in Northamptonshire once and someone tried,
James Acaster: Kinky Boots?
Rafe Spall: No it was not Kinky Boots, alas. It was a play at the Royal Court called Alaska. But they tried to get us to do Northampton accents and it's almost impossible because it's so like, nothing. Do you know what I mean, but it's got a bit of that, it gets towards sort of East Anglian or something weird like, do you know what I mean. It's quite difficult to get to get your head round.
James Acaster: It's a pick-n-mix of everywhere else which is why it's so mad. I can't do other answers because we take all the lazy parts of everyone else's accent. And we do all of them in one voice. So I don't really pronounce my T-H' s, I drop a lot of my G's and my T's say AR sounds on the side of my mouth like a farmer, do all that stuff. But I can't adapt to other regions.
Ed Gamble: You are like a farmer actually.
James Acaster: I am like a farmer. When I started out in stand up, some comedians used to make fun of the way I said Mars Bars, I said it out the side of my mouth.
Rafe Spall: Mars bar. Ed, how's your accent?
Ed Gamble: I'm not sure. They're probably fine. They're better than James's.
James Acaster: Ed's good, do Edwin Coffee.
Ed Gamble: Oh, no, that's terrible. Because my American accent is quite poor. I'd say I can do cartoonish versions of some British accents
Rafe Spall: Go on then. It is a tough one. probably the toughest, Northeastern
Ed Gamble: I could do that in a cartoonish way, man.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, that's good. What about Welsh?
Ed Gamble: Ah Welsh. You need a word to get into it, don't you? Yes. Hello. I'm from Wales. That's good.
Rafe Spall: Thats good, you gone a bit Tom Jones there n all.
Ed Gamble: Ay
Rafe Spall: One more, what about, heres one that I can't get anywhere near, Northern Irish.
Ed Gamble: Northern Irish. I'm not too bad at, because my granddad was from Larne.
Rafe Spall: You enjoyed saying the word Larne then, didn't you?
James Acaster: He loves saying Larne.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, you like that.
James Acaster: So if someone asked you to audition and play in Northern Irish person, Rafe, you would have to say no.
Rafe Spall: I probably would have to say no, I've thought about this. It seems to be, and one of my best friends is Northern Irish. But it seems to me, I can get the the rhythm of it, which is da da da da da ba da da ba da da ba da da da.
Ed Gamble: Yes. But you can't do all your lines like that. Can you
Rafe Spall: No I can't, you can'y do em all like that, wouldn't wash. People wouldn't like it.
Ed Gamble: Imagine if you got offered the part. You told them you could do the accent. You get to a read through table read. And it comes to your first line.
Rafe Spall: Ah ba da ba da ba da ba da ba da ba da.
Ed Gamble: How long do you think you'd last at the table read? If you just did all your lines like that before? They just said you have to leave?
Rafe Spall: People will probably laugh the first time you did it because it was a hilarious, very brave joke. But then it. You got that guy's got some balls to pull off a joke on his first line at a table read. Good on him. Right? But then if you carried on, you'd be asked to leave. I actually was once fired after a table read. I've never shared this before.
James Acaster: Did you try and get back in with your socks of your shoes?
Rafe Spall: Very good. No, it didn't. If only I'd thought of that, no, it was it was for a radio play. And I've never done any, cuz I didn't go to drama school, I've never done any Shakespeare or like a verse reading or that sort of thing. And it was for like some sort of like John Webster play, and when I went along, and there was Rory Kinnear was there to know the actor, who's perhaps one of our finest classical actors.
James Acaster: He fucks the pig?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, he fucked the pig, yeah. Yeah. In real life, no, in black mirror. And they're all like the best classical actors of their generation, and I bought a york note before going to this thing, to try and work it out, and I did the read through and afterwards the director said, What's your problem? What What happened? And I said, I did tell you I've never done this sort of thing before, and he said i think is best you leave. I said, but my my bag is still in the other room where everyone else. And I had to go in and get my bag. Can you imagine.
James Acaster: Were you waiting to get your bag? Did you pretend like you were still in the play?
Rafe Spall: I think I might have said something about a family emergency. An emergency.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Just garbled something about an emergency, too the bag and run out.
Rafe Spall: But they knew, they knew what had happened.
Ed Gamble: So they all knew in the room, when you went to get your bag that you've been fired.
Rafe Spall: I think they knew it was going very poorly for me in this read through and then I think they were told after I'd left it that I had, in fact, been fired.
Ed Gamble: Man, that's painful.
Rafe Spall: You ever been fired?
Ed Gamble: It's difficult to be fired, doing stand up comedy a lot of the time because they tend to be one off gigs. If you're fired from a stand up comedy gig, it's gone very badly. You're halfway through the set and they're like, no, this isn't working out. It's time to leave.
Rafe Spall: You're gonna have to go.
James Acaster: I had that. I mean, I may have told this story on the podcast before. But I had a gig once where it was going really badly, and the audience were just all talking over me. It's Bedlam. And there was someone in the front, who really hated me who was screaming at me how shit I was. A bit of 'Your Shit' and all this, and then the guy who owned the venue, went over to security and pointed at this guy in the front row and went, he needs to go, but I was doing so badly that the security guard thought he was pointing at me. So the security just walked up, and so this guy's yelling at me at the front going, you are shit, you're not even fucking funny. And then I saw the security guard coming up behind him and I was like, cavalry's arrived. You're about to get chucked out you piece of shit. But so i'm lettin him shout at me. And then the security guy just walked past this guy up onto the stage right up to me adn he went, you need to go. And I was like, Okay, fine. I don't like this anyway, and I left and then they made me go back on and then explain to them what happened.
Ed Gamble: What!
Rafe Spall: did that bring it back round?
James Acaster: No, it did not. It went worse. Because I will tell you, I said, Oh, I'm being chucked out. The audience cheer. I go off stage. The manager comes up to me says that was a mistake. I was like, yeah, I'm pretty sure it's a mistake. I'm happy to just ride it out. It's like no, no, I need you to go back on, and so I went back on and told them what happened and they still don't like me and the guy on the front went, I thought they'd sent you to get a proper comedian, and all this. And then I made, this is a big mistake, but I did it. I went they did send me to get a proper comedian. And it's you. So everyone welcomed this guy to the stage. So then I gave him the mic. He went onstage, I sat in his seat, because they're already, you know, a pack of wolves. So he goes on, and they give him a little chance. And he says, some, he says some joke at the top, it doesn't work. And then they really turn on him, it gets really ugly. And then he starts panicking and turning to me and trying to hand me back the mic, and I just shook my head and sat there went, No, this is your gig now, which is a very unprofessional thing to do Rafe. And it just got worse and worse until the whole place was not really a gig anymore. Actually, it was a bit of a riot.
Rafe Spall: Did you feel good about that? Or did you feel did you begin to feel guilty when it was happening?
James Acaster: I felt good when I shook my head at him. And then when it descended into, this is now un-win-backable and we can't back from this. I felt really bad for it.
Rafe Spall: You were the equivalent of, as Danny Dyer put it, in Nice with your trotters up
James Acaster: I was in Nice with my Trotters up.
Ed Gamble: But I'd say that's being fired. You definitely got fired there.
James Acaster: I got fired.
Ed Gamble: But Rafe, you haven't been fired from trying, of course, very excited that there's a second series.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, me too.
Ed Gamble: Where did we leave your character in series one. And what's changed.
Rafe Spall: The first season is about a couple who try and have a baby together, but they're not able to naturally conceive. So they decide to adopt. And then the whole first season is about them being approved for adoption. And now it's about getting matched with a kid. Lots of bittersweet moments insue. It's about something and it's also funny, and the more I do stuff, I only want to be in things that are funny, because everything's funny, and, you know, I've done like Ibsen and shit like it at National Theatre A few years ago, and even that should be funny. It's like, even if there's, if there's, if there was a laugh to be had, let's have it and it's a crime not to. There has been very few moments in my life where some form of comedy hasn't been brought from it and that's the sort of work I want to do. And this reflects that.
James Acaster: Sometimes where you go and see like a proper serious play. And the whole thing is serious, but there's like the occasional comedic line in there. It gets such a massive laugh, because people aren't expecting it, out of nowhere. And then as a comedian, I'm sat there absolutely seething because i'm like,
Ed Gamble: It really makes comedians so angry. Theatre are crowds like laughing at tiny jokes, because everyone's so tense all the time in the theatre. I don't know. That's how I feel when I go watch a play. I'm so worried for everyone involved. And then if it's serious, and there's one little joke, everyone's like, Oh, thank God for that. We're all here. We're alive.
Rafe Spall: You know what, I had my first, I mean, I'm embarrassed saying it to you. But I did have one person play at the National Theatre last year, right, called Death of England. And I watched hours and hours and hours of stand up, like I mean, I'm a huge stand up fan anyway, right? I love it. So I watched everything. And everyone and I had my first taste of what that would be like to do stand up comedy as an actor. And there was a lot of like audience participation and talking to people and improvising and stuff. And I have to say, it's easy, it was easy. Turns out bloody easy. No no, it wasn't. It gave me It gave me It gave me even more respect. But what I did realise is again, from a layman's point of view, and I say this with my head bowed, is the sort of power that you have in speaking to, going back to your heckler thing, I know that people will probably always be bore onto you about hecklers and stuff. But like the amount of power that you have as the person on stage, if someone says anything, ain't gotta be that good, your come back, people are generally on your side. right? Is that is that true?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I think that's fair. And also the audience knows instinctively that anything you say back is in the moment and unique and people are so much more on board with anything they feel is special to that night,
Rafe Spall: Right? That's interesting.
James Acaster: Also, if you've learned very quickly, a very key rule in stand up, a good thing to remember is that the whole audience is on your side. It's a big lesson that I only learned when you said it just then.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, James James sort of takes the opposite way of doing things when he walks on, he's like, oh god.
James Acaster: It's all insecurities and stuff, innit. But yeah,
Rafe Spall: yeah, but you'll go and, but you're going but you're you're at the level now where everyone's coming to see your shows tho. So everyone is on side right? People are coming to see you, you're not
James Acaster: you are talking out of your ass. That is not the case. One in each group are there to see me
Ed Gamble: James sees it as more enemies.
Rafe Spall: Yes.
Ed Gamble: That's what he sees big audiences as.
James Acaster: They all bring their mates who don't know me. But yeah, it's just it's all in my head most of the time. And I should have that approach of going, they all want you to succeed, even the ones who don't know who you are. They want you to do well, cause they don't want to be in an awkward situation where they're watching someone bomb.
Rafe Spall: No, exactly, no, but I get that. I get it. And I have a similar thing sometimes when I do plays, and it because you know, I mean, you know what it's like. An audience exists as a sort of organic thing unto itself and certain bits that get massive laughs usually one night won't for whatever reason. Then you'll get strange laugh in another place and you can end up despising the audience. And I get it when I'm like well, there's actually a big laugh coming up but you're not going to fucking get, so i'm not even gonna, you don't deserve it. You don't deserve it. I'm not even gonna give it to you.
James Acaster: Yeah. Oh, I know what you mean. That's me for two hours when the first joke doesn't get as much as I thought it would, that's me for the remaining two hours, throwing it all away. Fuck you guys, you know get the full thing.
James Acaster: We always start with still or sparkling water for your meal, Rafe.
Ed Gamble: Although today we're starting with still or bubbly fresh?
James Acaster: Oh, yeah. Still a bubbly fresh, absolutley. Do you know what, I respect Ed so much. He's had that up his sleeve since you said it.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, it's very good.
James Acaster: He's like I know when the time is to drop that. Yeah.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, yeah. Well done.
Ed Gamble: Just let James get through his breakdown about stand-up and then I'm ready to do my lovely fresh joke.
Rafe Spall: I enjoyed it. I am. Okay. I guzzle bubbly fresh water all day every day. Yeah, I'm addicted to it. I've heard some quite hefty SodaStream content on this podcast before and I am in possession of one and probably my favourite drink in the world, up there, is fizzy water with orange squash.
James Acaster: Oh, hello. First of all, is it a pint glass, is it a small glass? And then how much squash are you putting into bubbly fresh water?
Rafe Spall: If I had, if I had a pint glass, I would use a pint glass. But it's sort of one of them in between a pint and a half pint glasses. You know that ones I mean. And I'm going to put about an inch and a half in.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, a pretty good measure.
Rafe Spall: So I think if I'm allowed to, I'll have some orange squash in my fizzy water, please Monsieur. Although, I knew fizzy or still would be a question. I know. A friend of mine is woman called Carla Gugino. She's an actress. She orders half and half. She's the only human I've ever known do this. She goes, I love half and half please.
Ed Gamble: That must send them crazy in a restaurant. What do they do? They do with that?
Rafe Spall: They're confused but they comply, because they have to.
Ed Gamble: Is that because fizzy waters too fizzy for her?
Rafe Spall: Too much for her, too much for her.
James Acaster: but still water is not enough?
Rafe Spall: Indeed. Yeah, so she'll have half and half. Thank you very much. But for me in this restaurant. I'll have Robinson's orange squash in there please.
James Acaster: Thats your brand is Robinson.
Rafe Spall: Is there another brand?
Ed Gamble: Well, it's a good point. It's Robinson's or bust really, isn't it? Yeah.
Rafe Spall: I mean, really? What are the orange cross brands out there? There arn't any, apart from like home brand ones? do you know what I mean, like,
James Acaster: That's what we had growing up, was Sainsbury's home brand is what we always had growing up. Now, you know, I've got two bottles of Robinson's in there, actually. Yeah. Guess what flavours they are?
Rafe Spall: Orange. Yeah, and the ribena flavour one.
James Acaster: Wrong.
Ed Gamble: Lemon.
James Acaster: Yes.
Rafe Spall: Wow.
Ed Gamble: Lemons are King for me. Sorry, Rafe. Lemons is the king of the squashes.
Rafe Spall: That's quite saucy
Ed Gamble: I'll do lemon squash with fizzy water from the SodaStream. It's like having a lemonade but you don't feel bad about it.
Rafe Spall: A cloudy lemonade.
Ed Gamble: A cloudy lemonade. You feel like you're in an old book.
James Acaster: I don't really get to focus on drinks. But cloudy lemonade is the best lemonade, right? It's the best one. Yeah, yeah,
Ed Gamble: There's no better we don't need to even get focused on it. We all agree.
James Acaster: Can you remember the first time you had a cloudy lemonade and just thought, why have I been bothering with that other shit.
Rafe Spall: I can't remember the exact time, but my dad my dad, he guzzles it, two litre bottle every day, cloudy lemonade, diet cloudy lemonade.
James Acaster: Does he now?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, he murders it, Yeah. Absolutely destroys it.
James Acaster: Brilliant. We've got some goss on Timothy Spall.
Rafe Spall: Timothy Spall bloody loves his cloudy lemonade.
Ed Gamble: Quite often when like little bits of this podcast sneak into the tabloid,s which is always very funny, little celebrity facts. Yeah, and I really hope that the Daily Mirror goes with Timothy Spall guzzles cloudy lemonade.
Rafe Spall: TV Tim guzzles cloudy lemonade.
James Acaster: They'll do some sort of pun headline for it. I'm trying to think of one but all I can think of is Aufiderzein Wet.
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread? Popadoms or bread, Rafe Spall. Popadoms or bread?
Rafe Spall: Bread. I'm gonna have some sourdough bread. And I want to put butter on it and salt.
James Acaster: Oh, yeah.
Ed Gamble: So is it salted butter. And then you add salt?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, double salt. I was a very fat child. Right. I used to eat a lot, still do, but this is why I'm looking forward to this, because on this meal I'm going all out. I'm not holding back because I don't need to watch my figure in this restaurant, do I?
James Acaster: Yeah, absolutely not.
Rafe Spall: But my mum and dad always used to say to me, don't fill up on bread. Yeah, when I went to a restaurant, don't fill up on bread. I never did. And I never have.
Ed Gamble: It's impossible.
Rafe Spall: Not because I'm holding back. Not because I'm holding back because I'm eating all the bread I want, but I'm not full up on it.
Ed Gamble: So, you found you found a loophole really because they were saying don't fill up on bread. They don't eat all the bread and you ate all the bread and you're like actually I'm still not full mum and dad.
Rafe Spall: You're lying. Cuz it's impossible to fill up on bread?
James Acaster: Yeah, while your dad's there, full to the brim of cloudy lemonade. You've drunk so much of it. It's spilling out of his mouth as he talks.
Ed Gamble: What a hypocrite. What a hypocrite. He's saying don't fill up on bread and he's got foam coming out of his eyes.
Rafe Spall: Yeah. Hang on Dad, why don't you not fill up on cloudy lemonade? Thank you very much. You leave me to it. let me enjoy myself.
Ed Gamble: At least the restaurant have brought that to me, you've brought that bottle with you dad.
Rafe Spall: In a blue carrier bag.
James Acaster: So, your a salty guy? You like you're salt, your butter, you add the salt on it. Is that food in general? You're salt man?
Rafe Spall: I like sugar, sugar and sweet, James. I like, you know, I do, I love crispsm I'm obsessed by crisps and although I've given them up this year.
James Acaster: was that like, first of January you gave them up?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, and and beer, lager and crisps I've given up. I'm still on the booze like I have other booze. And I have other salty snacks like nuts, but trying to keep it a bit tight so so I've I've given up on crisps.Crisps and lager, Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Go for it James.
James Acaster: Well, I was just gonna say. I mean your question seemed quite considered. As you were going into it, I thought, Oh, Ed's actually got a serious question about this. Where I was about to say because because Rafe said he's given up Larger and crisps. I was gonna say, do you only give up stuff that you can make a sitcom name out of. And that's where I was gonna go.
Ed Gamble: I definitely prefer your question.
James Acaster: Fools and Horses one year?
Rafe Spall: Fools and Horses
Ed Gamble: Thats all I can think of
Rafe Spall: Exactly. Ever decreasing circles. I'm going to stop with them and all. I'm going to stop decreasing circles. And also I'm giving up My Family.
James Acaster: Yeah. Yeah.
Rafe Spall: I don't want to get into that now.
Ed Gamble: But a rules a rule
Rafe Spall: A rules a rule. But I do like salty stuff.
Ed Gamble: Interestingly, so you've given up crisps, right? I quite often have to say I'm giving up nuts because they're a big like, they're a food that if I start eating them, I won't stop eating them. Then like I spiral out of control. I can't fill up on nuts.
Rafe Spall: What was sort of nuts are we talking?
Ed Gamble: Oh, I mean with, you know, roasted, salted. But, if in a dream world, I think roasted salted pecans.
Rafe Spall: Jesus
Ed Gamble: Roasted salted macadamias.
Rafe Spall: what do you think is king nut?
James Acaster: Yeah, good question.
Ed Gamble: Almonds a classic nut.
Rafe Spall: Classic but King?
Ed Gamble: King nut is, for me is a roasted salted pecan.
James Acaster: Rafe's facial expression there suggests to me he does not agree and has lost a bit of respect for you.
Rafe Spall: No, I don't know, I like nuts, I love pecans. I don't know. I don't know if I've ever bought a. I might have had a roasted salted pecan in a roasted assorted mix of nuts but never like a bag of them by themselves. So I'm not qualified to pass comment on that entirely. But you're talking about a flavour, flavour of it. I'm talking about the nut unto itself. Like the most diverse, like the nut that could be in many different ways. The most sort of, what's the word?
James Acaster: versatile,
Rafe Spall: versatile nut. Yeah, exactly.
Ed Gamble: Versatile nut.
James Acaster: Well, my favourite. I don't know if this qualifies, but I'll happily have it on its own. Roasted. In a dish, a hot dish. Even goes well and desserts. I like cashews.
Rafe Spall: I agree.
James Acaster: I'm a big fan of cashews.
Rafe Spall: I agree.
James Acaster: Rafe agrees with me
Rafe Spall: because even a naked cashews delicious.
James Acaster: Yeah,
Ed Gamble: it's good,
Rafe Spall: isn't it? And also a salty one's lovely.
James Acaster: Yes, absolutely. I like it with chicken. In like a hot chicken dish. Chicken cashews delicious.
Rafe Spall: It actually features in one of the dishes that I've chosen for this meal.
James Acaster: Thats exciting.
James Acaster: Well lets got onto it then. The starter, is the cashew in the stater?
Rafe Spall: Its in one of them. So I don't know the actual rules of this yet. I'm going to order for the table. Right?
Rafe Spall: So there's going to be a few things.
Ed Gamble: who else is at your table?
Rafe Spall: I'm not going to say specific people because other people might get upset if they're not included. But I reckon it'd be a group of about, six is a good number innit? Because you can talk to six, you get to talk to everyone.
James Acaster: but you're not you're not naming names.
Rafe Spall: I'm not gonna name names.
James Acaster: You refusing to?
Ed Gamble: in your in your head, do you know who it it?
Rafe Spall: I'm refusing to. Yeah, oh yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: I mean, you could say one person.
Rafe Spall: Jesus Christ. No, I'm not gonna, no. None of my kids would feature. But no, there'd be some lovely grown ups. My favourite feeling in the world, because I love starters. Right? Starters are the best. Is to be a table with your friends, and I've had two martinis and I'm looking at the menu deciding what to eat. That to me is the best feeling known to mankind.
Ed Gamble: Two martinis that sent shivers up my spine. I'm so excited about that.
Rafe Spall: Back to Back rapido. one, two,
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, bang done.
Rafe Spall: I did this film in Atlanta, and theres this brilliant thing where you order a cocktail and they bring you a cocktail beer whilst you wait for your cocktail. They'll bring you a half of a half of lager straightaway, as soon as you put your cocktail order in. Yeah. Which is fantastic. It takes a while to make everyone's cocktails, so then you've got a little beer to. So I might say that as well. I'll have a beer right away, two martinis and my orange squash.
James Acaster: You've had that beforein restaurant, that completely qualifies.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, yeah
James Acaster: You've ordered two martinis, we've immediately giving you a half beer. You've had the two martinis. How do you like your martinis?
Rafe Spall: I like them; vodka thats very dry, straight up with olives, please.
Ed Gamble: I'm happy with that.
Rafe Spall: And then. Now I'm thinking about my starters, and I know what I want, so I'm gonna hit you. Alright?
James Acaster: Great.
Rafe Spall: I want just a Tricolore a salad, right? Just lovely. Okay? Fresh, beautiful. Then I want some tuna nigiri. And then I want just some grilled halloumi, right? Give me a little, gimme a little bowl of hummus with a bit of pita. I also want, oh, here we go back to the cashew, I want a water a watermelon duck and cashew salad. Right? But then, I also want some creamed polenta with mushrooms. And that will do us please. To start.
Ed Gamble: Oh, Rafe. I'll tell you what, I feel a real affinity with you, because I was a fat kid as well and you're doing exactly what I would do.
James Acaster: I was gonna say, if you hadn't told us that detail about yourself at the start. If you made that starter order, I'd have gone, Rafe, lets talk about your childhood. What were you like as a kid, Rafe?
Rafe Spall: Very fat, very fat. I have to, I have to work hard to not to not be so, these days. But we're not watching our figures tonight are we Ed. We're doing it. We're doing it. Do you know about that film, Le Grande Boeuf?
Ed Gamble: No
Rafe Spall: Which is translated to The Big Fart, in French and it's about a group of French businessmen from the 70s who go to a house and decide to eat themselves to death.
James Acaster: Oh, right.
Rafe Spall: So that's my vibe tonight.
Ed Gamble: Is this what you'd start with to eat yourself to death as well? If that was your aim?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, yeah, definitely. But also, this is for the table. This is for the table, it's sharing plates.
James Acaster: yeah. sharing these with your,
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but I know what you mean when you say sharing plates? Your covers blown on that one, because I did that as well. This sharing plates and then you just need as much of it as you can before anyone else works that out. Right?
Rafe Spall: And also Jesus doesn't eat much, does he?
James Acaster: No, He has little portion, he can always turn it into more as well.
James Acaster: He can, if he wants to.
Ed Gamble: That guy makes it last.
Rafe Spall: No, I'll have bits and pieces of all of them. But you know the grilled halloumi and the hummus, that's small. Tuna nigiri, that small. You're going to get six pieces in nigiri on a on a plate, arn't you? Tricolori, thats nothing. The creamed polenta and mushrooms, you ever had that?
James Acaster: No,
Ed Gamble: I've had polenta before. Not had it with mushrooms before.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, cream, creamed polenta. That's a really good thing to cook in your house, you know? Creamed polenta, you put a bit cream in it and parmesan. It's easy and lovely.
James Acaster: And what, you can blend that together or what you do?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, you got a whisk it. So so you you boil a bit of milk and then some butter. And then carefully sieving the polenta slowly and whisk it, and then you put in lots of parmesan and more butter and cream. And you just whisk it and it's all sort of oozy and lovely. It's really good.
James Acaster: Are you dipping the pita bread from the hummus into that as well
Rafe Spall: No, thats double carb. That would be too much, because what you're going to do with, so you'd use polenta where you would maybe use pasta so it's nice with bolognese sauce or something. In this case, just a bit of mushrooms.
James Acaster: mushrooms, is it?
Ed Gamble: How would you like this presented? Because there's quite a few dishes here. Do you want them just all brought out on like a lazy susan sort of setup? Or do you just want them dotted around the table?
Rafe Spall: I like it when you know you go to a restaurant and then the waiter brings out his own little table. You know when they do that? He brings out his own little table. He opens it, constantina opens it and puts it down you know you're somewhere special when that happens. You do that? And then I like banquettes. You always feel nice when you're in banqettes, don't you? Yeah, in a restaurant, and it will be a sort of large oval table.
Ed Gamble: Okay, nice,
Rafe Spall: Where you can still speak speak to everyone. So it would all go in the middle, all within arm's reach of me.
James Acaster: And that salad is very specific, and I haven't heard of it before. Is that a place you've had this salad? Or is it something you've always had growing up? Watermelon duck and cashew salad. I'm not familiar with it myself.
Rafe Spall: Do you know what, I love going to restaurants, yeah, it's probably my favourite thing to do. And I'm going to sort of portray myself as being rather grand now. You can get it in the Ivy, right?
Ed Gamble: Yeah,
Rafe Spall: There you go. But also they do it at a sort of pan-Asian restaurant called E-N-O. The cashews are sort of caramelised and then the watermelons really fresh and then the duck is like sort of, you know, like you would get in a Chinese restaurant sort of like taken apart with forks. It's really good.
James Acaster: I love duck.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, I love duck.
Ed Gamble: Is that the king, king meat?
Rafe Spall: No. Beef, boeuf.
James Acaster: There we go.
Rafe Spall: I don't know. What's your king meat? If you had to eat one meat forever, what would it be just
Ed Gamble: I think it's beef. It'd be beef or lamb, I think would, it'd be between those two but beef is probably the meat is the most.
Rafe Spall: James?
James Acaster: Well, I do love those meats. The thing is, if one thing that you've got to eat forever, is different to me to something that you favourite. Because if I've got to eat one meat forever, I will probably let both of you down and choose chicken.
Ed Gamble: I can understand that though.
James Acaster: But like, you know, if I think of like dishes that I've had that are the best dishes. I've had better lamb dishes, beef dishes and even duck dishes, than I have chicken dishes. Beef would probably win. If I think of like, yeah, the best meals I've had.
Rafe Spall: It's been beef based.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah,
Rafe Spall: What about game? How'd you feel about game? venison?
Ed Gamble: I wouldn't. I have I have that sort of stuff so rarely that I would never pick it from my forever me.
Rafe Spall: It would say a lot about you if venison, hare, rabbit, was your forever meat. I wonder
Ed Gamble: Simply has to be, I'm nothing without my goose.
Rafe Spall: Goose is bloody horrible. I can't get on board with it. You ever had goose?
James Acaster: Yeah I have, don't like it. No, I also don't like em alive. I hate geese.
Rafe Spall: So do I.
James Acaster: I spent I spent a day with a gamekeeper once.
Rafe Spall: Doing what?
James Acaster: Hanging out with him going about his day to day work. I won it in a raffle. Day with the gamekeeper.
Ed Gamble: What are you talking about?
James Acaster: When I was a little kid?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: When I was a little kid. I can't remember where the raffle was. I can't remember what, Yeah. But yeah, but like.
Ed Gamble: All you need to know, it was a raffle in Kettering and that was a top prize. Spend the day with a gamekeeper .
James Acaster: And I won one of the prizes and you get to go up and choose. And I didn't know what a gamekeeper was. I just saw an envelope that said, day with the gamekeeper. And I thought, that sounds amazing.
Ed Gamble: Because he's got all the games,
James Acaster: He's got all the games, and I saw, I chose it and I went back to my mom like, this is gonna be amazing. And she was like, okay, we can go but like, it's not gonna be what you think it.
Ed Gamble: That's great.
James Acaster: And I didn't even know that he mainly looked after pheasants and I didn't know that this kind of stuff existed. And he took me around to see all the pheasants and then started talking about, Yeah, and then you know like, later on in the year, we'll release them and then people come round and they shoot them. And I just got really, I was like, and I said to him, Do you ever like get attached to them as individuals? And he was like, Who is this kid? Why is he chosen day with the gamekeeper at the raffle?
Ed Gamble: You're just stood there going, I'd like I'd like to be the dog in monopoly, if we're playing monopoly. Me and you playing mouse trap and cluedo.
Rafe Spall: But the thing is, if winning in a raffle is like, sure you win it, but then you've got to organise it, right? So, like you would have obviously said to your Mom, Mom, can you organise this? And then your mom would about to call the guy. Sort out a time, the best time to do it. It would have been a process.
James Acaster: Yeah, a whole thing. Yes. Here's when we can come so my seven year old child can spend a day with you.
Rafe Spall: Exactly. Because you could have just not gone but you obviously just like you made the decision. No, I've won it. I'm going
James Acaster: Yeah, I've won it. It's a new thing to me. I want to go and see, what an experience. You know, I never win raffles. You can have a new experience with this guy. And he wasn't you know, he wasn't good with kids. Either.
Ed Gamble: Well thats not why you go into the gatekeeping game, Is it?. You don't go, I'm good with kids, I'll look after a pheasant. He never expected to have to show a kid round.
James Acaster: No, he didn't expect that. He thought though, you know, he'll have a fellow, you know someone like minded.
Rafe Spall: You weren't inspired by it. It didn't, he didn't, you didn't go right now I know what I want to do.
James Acaster: No. Also, later on in my life. When I failed my first driving test, it was really early in the morning, I felt really depressed. I went for a walk in the fields, sat down for a bit accidentally fell asleep and then was scared out of the field by a group of beaters coming across and they woke me up and I lept out the field and just ran out of the field and didn't look back, because to embarrassed.
James Acaster: Shooting seasons in the winter, innit? So why were you sleeping in a field in the winter?
Ed Gamble: You've met him right?
James Acaster: I was living in my parent's house and I just thought, I'm feeling really depressed because I just failed my driving test. So I'll just go for a walk and then during the walk I was like, I'm actually really knackered, I'm gonna sit down.
Rafe Spall: gonna get my head down.
James Acaster: And then didn't intend to fall asleep but fell asleep and the next thing I knew I was being scared, being beaten out of the field.
Rafe Spall: Did you pass your driving test on the second attempt?
James Acaster: Yeah, passed it on the second attempt no problem. Eight days later wrote my parents car off.
Rafe Spall: Did you?
James Acaster: Yeah, got a new car of my own. had that for under a year before I wrote it off.
Ed Gamble: It's because the beaters never stopped chasing it. That's the thing.
James Acaster: I got the beaters on my back. Always had to beaters on my back.
Rafe Spall: Oh fuckin hell, here they are again. Floor it. I passed my driving test and I didn't have any, I never had a lesson and thats true.
James Acaster: What?
Rafe Spall: What, why were you taking your test? I was 27 and I'd met my wife and she said to me, you cannot be with me if you haven't got a driving licence, sort it out. So I thought, fuckin hell. And I'd been driving illegally for years. Like, when I say illegally, I mean we have a provisional because I've always had girlfriends that had cars. So I'd always drive about with a provisional licence. And then in a sort of fit of peak I was a bit like,oh fine then I'll just book it. So then I just booked a test and then fought nothing of it. And then remembered that I had this test coming up in a couple of days and I mean lessons and, so I thought, fuck, I'm just gonna fucking go. I'm going to see what happens, right. So I went on the I went on the YouTube and I saw about how to do it. And then Elise took me around some roundabouts, which I still struggle with to this day, right?
James Acaster: Yeah, you'd never had a lesson in your life.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, exactly. I'd never had a lesson. And then I went along, somehow pulled it off. The guy said to me, the guy said to me, now, I'm gonna pass you, but this is the lowest pass I've ever given out. This is the lowest, this is the lowest one I've ever done. I want you to know that. Well a pass is a pass, innit? And yeah, so there you go. Now look at me a danger on the roads.
James Acaster: Imagine having to say that to someone. Just so you know, I'm passing you but I don't want this on my conscience completely, so i'm gonna let you know, that this is, you've scraped through by the skin of your teeth.
Ed Gamble: I had a really low pass as well. And I think my, the person who took my test only passed me because she was clearly hung over. So like, every so often, she would ask me to stop she'd wind down a window and start breathing quite heavily. So because of that, I think she passed me out of guilt.
Rafe Spall: First time?
Ed Gamble: First time. Yeah. But we'd like whatever the maximum amount of minors you're allowed. But when when we went to take the test, my instructor took me and you sit there and wait for the examiner to come out,
and my instructor knew all the examiners, and they will come out and they pick up your sheet or whatever and read your name out. I can't believe that this didn't affect my test result at all. The examiner was quite short and round. And she came and picked up the sheet and he went, really loudly he went, Oh, no, you've got Barney Rubble, like that loudly, you've got Barney Rubble. I was like, fuckin hell, shut up.
James Acaster: And then you do a do a test with your feet through the car and running around all the time.
James Acaster: Move on to your main course, Rafe. Yeah, that started was a smorgasbord sounded delicious.
Rafe Spall: Well the smorgas is going to continue. So again, I'm ordering for the table. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna get, there's this restaurant now which is sadly closed in New York City called the spotted pig and they had a burger there which, for me, and I've had many is probably the best one I've ever had. That's a cheeseburger with string fries. Very, very thin fries and loads of them. I'd also get a porterhouse steak you know the porterhouse being a fillet on one side, serloin on the other with a big T-bone down the middle. Now I want that cooked Chicago style. Do you know about Chicago style? Yeah? Which is black and blue. So so you it's very, very chard on the outside and very rare on the inside. And then I want a melanzane parmigiana. Right? And also, I want a chicken burrito, and some guacamole to share, please.
James Acaster: So, okay. How did you discover that? How did you discover that you'd like to stake Chicago style? First of all.
Rafe Spall: Because, I was with someone who I thought was quite cool and they said it, and so I asked what it was and it was really good. And actually like there's a chain of steak restaurants in Canada called black and blue. And I asked what black and blue was, and that is the way of cooking a steak black on the outside blue on the inside. And it's called, for whatever reason, Chicago style.
Ed Gamble: It sounds like the way I have often done steaks by accident on a barbecue. Yeah, I know. It should be called British barbecue style, really.
James Acaster: How Chicago got that offer is?
Rafe Spall: I know, It's so true. It's so true. And the thicker of the steak the more difficult it is to cook but I think you need to lean into it. What you go for when you get a steak, how to order it?
Ed Gamble: I tend to say rare.
Rafe Spall: Oh, so you'd like Chicago style.
Ed Gamble: I think I'd love Chicago style. I've had it in Italian restaurants before as well, where they do like bistecca, I think its Fiorentina, like Florence style.
Rafe Spall: That's right.
Ed Gamble: Steak. and is that the same sort of thing is like really, really rare.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, exactly. What about you, James? How do you get your steak?
James Acaster: Medium rare, usually. It's you know, it's not completely basic, but it's pretty basic. Innit.
Ed Gamble: I think it's a solid order.
Rafe Spall: No, but it says something about you. It says that you've got a bit of danger about you do you know what I mean. If you said medium or medium well, that might be quite unattractive.
James Acaster: Greg Davis came on this podcast and said, that was he dream meal was a well done steak. And fillet as well.
Rafe Spall: A well done fillet? What's wrong with him?
Ed Gamble: We tried to work it out. It's a shame innit.
Rafe Spall: It is a shame. Because he seems like a good fella.
Ed Gamble: He is, yeah. Don't go for dinner with him tho.
Rafe Spall: So I've got some, if there's any vegetarians there, the melanzane parmigiana for the vegetarians. That's lovely, innit? You ever had that?
James Acaster: I'm not sure I have
Rafe Spall: Oh mate, aubergine and parmesan. Off.
James Acaster: Lovley. I had an aubergine just before we started this.
Rafe Spall: Hang about, you said that when Dolly Alderton was on your thing as well. You said you had that aubergine. You're obsessed by em.
Ed Gamble: Yes. He is obsessed with it. Called you out on it straight away.
James Acaster: You're absolutely right. Yeah, you got me.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, you're obsessed by those melanzanes. You need to look at it. Did you put it under the grill again? scoop it all up with a spoon, like a yogurt.
James Acaster: Yeah, that is what I did, actually yeah. That's exactly what I did.
Rafe Spall: Look augergine is very versatile and it's lovely. But really, I respect that because you're eating it as it comes. Because really, aubergine tastes of what you put on it. Like do you put a bit of oil on it or whatever.
James Acaster: Olive oil lemon juice, salt pepper.
Rafe Spall: Lovely. And that's it?
James Acaster: Garlic pepper. Yeah. I use the garlic pepper.
Rafe Spall: Very nice. Do you like masaka?
James Acaster: Yeah, I like it. I made a vegetarian masaka, during lockdown with aubergines, actually. Yeah, very good.
Rafe Spall: It's quite laborious, though, isn't it? Because you've gotta, in fact, takes a while. Gotta cut em all up, cook em and all that. Yeah. They really absorb oil don't they, really absorb it. Yeah. Yeah, you put as much as you want. Whats the deal with that.
Ed Gamble: I respect that, you know. I feel like an augergine sometimes. It's the vegetable I most associate with as a guy, I think.
Rafe Spall: Do you use a whole carton of suncreen? When you put it on? Is it just soak into your skin.
Ed Gamble: Just straight in. It's awful
James Acaster: I mean, I can really relate to what you just said about absorbing oil, actually. And it's something that recently I've had problems with when I'm grilling my aubergines. Is that when I pour the oil on, wherever it is, that exact spot that I put the oil on, it goes right in there and then I can't spread it, and what I need is like an oil glaze curtain like they have for donuts, you know, when donuts go through the conveyor belt for the glaze curtain. That's what I need, is an olive oil glazed curtain in my flat.
Ed Gamble: Have you thought about a spray situation. You could mist it.
James Acaster: I could mist it, that would be good.
Rafe Spall: Also a brush, you ain't got a brush?
James Acaster: No, I think I need to invest in a brush, if I'm gonna keep it in these aubergines like this.
Rafe Spall: Heres the thing as well, is actually weirdly, and someone told me recently that when it comes to cooking aubergines, and this sounds counterintuitive, but if you were to actually like deep fry them, right, they absorb less oil If you cook them in loads and throw them in. For some reason, they don't. They cook nicely without absorbing all the oil. So the more oil you put in, the less they absorb, strangely. But if you like your aubergines, then you need to get on an aubergine parmigiana, its lovley.
Ed Gamble: I love i augbergine parmigiana. That was part of my Fatboy lunch tour that I do most days. Where I'd get down the high street and go to the deli and buy aubergine parmigiana and a sandwich and then go to Gregg's and get a couple of pasties and then go to the corner shop and buy a pack of biscuits and then go back to my mom's house.
Rafe Spall: That's mad, I'd do similar things. I would go to the cafe and I would get a full breakfast with four slices of toast. And then I would go to the shops and I would get Mars bar, topic, twirl, lion bar, crisps and Milky Way stars.
Ed Gamble: Perfect. That's pudding.
James Acaster: Eating all those in one sitting?
Rafe Spall: Oh yeah. What you talking about? You're not gonna spread them out. They're going straight down. And that's breakfast. Thast before lunch. But I was also, that was in a period of my life when I was smoking a lot of weed as well. So that sort of goes together. But yeah, no, but the thing is, you can't do that anymore and try and be an actor or whatever. So this is why this is so lovely for me because this is this is those rules don't exist. I can go back to those halcian days of milky bars for breakfast.
Ed Gamble: Rafe, I feel like if we ever met in real life and went out for a meal, it would be the end of both of us.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, we'd just get a big trough.
Ed Gamble: I think we'd egg each other on and it would be so bad. And next thing you know we're in the corner shop at breakfast.
James Acaster: This is how bad it would be. If Ed rang me up one day in the morning and said, James what you up to today? I said nothing, got nothing planned. and he went I'm gonna go meet up with Rafe Spall, we're going to get some food you want to come, I'd go no.
Rafe Spall: I've got some aubergine to eat. Thank you very much.
Ed Gamble: I've bought a spray.
James Acaster: No way i'm going to that, too hardcore for me.
Rafe Spall: It would be quite hardcore.
James Acaster: I mean, really, we should get onto your side dish, although I really want to know about the chicken burrito. That was suddenly in there at the end, a chicken burrito.
Rafe Spall: Because I could easily eat Mexican food for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Every day. Every day. And I think I think if there was one cuisine that I'd eat forever, one country whos food I could live on forever, it will probably be Mexico. I spent quite a lot of time in Los Angeles, I made a TV show there a few years ago. And yeah, it's that LA, Mexican food is something else.
James Acaster: And is it from anywhere in particular this chicken burrito?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, a restaurant in Venice Beach called Casa Linda and I would go there every evening and have that. Because I get into a routine where if I'm away filming or working or whatever, and I find one place I go to that one place every day and eat the same thing. And I'm also happy in the same thing for lunch every day, and I generally generally do, and then I'll get sick of it. Like for years I ate a pita bread with tuna in it, every day for like about three years. Every day. And only after three years did I get sick of it. It wasn't like a gradual process of like, I'm getting bored of this now. I was happy until that last one, and then I just stopped because I thought this is this is,
Ed Gamble: Its just that final bite and then you're like, I'm never having this again.
Rafe Spall: Exactly. It was a tuna with fetta hummus, jalapenos and some cucumbers. Because I hummus and feta every single day of my life. Not a day goes by.
James Acaster: Really?,
Rafe Spall: Oh, yeah.
James Acaster: you work it into other stuff?
Rafe Spall: Yeah, yeah,
Ed Gamble: You're sneaking it into whatever.
Rafe Spall: Because, there's not that many meals in my opinion that can't be improved with the addition of feta cheese. It goes with most things. You can even put it on curry get away with it. I wouldn't advise it but it wouldn't ruin it, would it?
Ed Gamble: You wouldn't serve that to a guest, that would do that something, if you're having a curry and you're by yourself. You're like go on.
Rafe Spall: Chana masala this feta. No, I wouldn't do that. No, but I'd be tempted to try it by myself. And then hummus, hummus I'd devour the stuff. A pot a dat, easy.
James Acaster: Has feta come up on your menu yet?
Rafe Spall: No, because I would have had that for lunch. I would have had it for lunch.
Ed Gamble: Also, Rafe's point is, is you could put it on anything that he's had so far. So would you like us to bring you a big like a big bowl of feta and you can just sprinkle it on whenever you feel like it.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that'd be nice.
Rafe Spall: I've got some extensive sides.
Ed Gamble: Lets hear, we've gotta hear these sides.
James Acaster: Rafe, I'd be absolutely stunned if we went sides? And you went, just chips.
Ed Gamble: Brocolli.
Rafe Spall: The burger. That terrific burger, which would also be medium rare comes with them string fries, but I also want other fries. Okay, and then I want some dauphinoise potatoes. I want some simple fresh things like a pickled cucumber salad. And I also want a tomato and red onion salad. But then also want some truffle macaroni. Now, the thing with a truffle macaroni is, there's this restaurant, a fancy restaurant in New York City called The Waverly, and they they come and take your order, and they they always say to you, Oh, we just wanna let you know that the special that we have on is this macaroni cheese with truffle on it. You go Oh, that sounds nice, and they suggest that you get it for the table to, you know. And also what they do in America is they tell you the price of this special and it's $100. So I've never ordered it because that would be ridiculous to order it. But now I'm going to, because I'm going to kill myself with this meal and I care about the price.
James Acaster: Sure, it doesn't matter.
Rafe Spall: I've left my family. I'm eating myself to death with Jesus Christ. So i'm gonna get the truffle macaroni for the table.
James Acaster: So have you ever had it before? No. Never had it. You've not bought it but you've not this like no one else has ordered it and you've had a bit. You don't know what it tastes like?
Rafe Spall: No one's dead. You've got to have some serious chutzpah to go Yeah, I'll have that. If they go the truffle macaroni at $100, you've got to be a bit of a baller.
James Acaster: I think you know some ballers, don't you?
Rafe Spall: I do know some ballers.
Ed Gamble: How they justifying that?
Rafe Spall: well, because people must have to, people must do it, right? This is a, it's a pretty fancy spot, and so they there's lots of famous people that must order that.
James Acaster: And you got those different salads,
Rafe Spall: Nice little salads. You got to cut through it with the vinegar in the pickled cucumber salad. So that's like, very finely chopped up cucumber, in a sort of vinegar with a bit of dill.
James Acaster: Dill and pickle.
Rafe Spall: Diall and pickle. Classic.
James Acaster: What a lovely match.
Rafe Spall: Oh, I missed something out.
James Acaster: Yeah, I thought this was a bit light.
Ed Gamble: We don't want you going hungry, Rafe.
Rafe Spall: Jesus wouldn't want it. Zucchini fritti.
Rafe Spall: Nice, so courgette chips
Rafe Spall: Yeah. Courgettes with parmesan on them and then deep fry, please.
Ed Gamble: Are you having a little bit of everything? Or are you in danger that you might end up getting focused on one thing and having too much and then filling yourself up?
Rafe Spall: I'm worried because a burger is. Okay. So a burger is hard to share. Yeah? So that would be my main, and then all the other ones would be I'll have a bit of and a bit of that. Maybe half of the burrito. And
then I'd pick at the steak, and then you know, I'd enjoy a reasonable portion of the melanzane parmigiana. And then, I'd go to town on the sides because the the sides, you know, sides are fun, aren't they? Everyone loves sides.
James Acaster: So you've got the string fries?
Rafe Spall: Yeah.
James Acaster: And you said you want some other fries, but just french fries or thick cut chips?
Rafe Spall: No, I don't want thick cut chips. Look, if you bring me thick cut chips. I'm not going to be upset about it, but I'm going to choose very salty, thin crispy chips. Do you think theres many people that would, maybe you two gentlemen would, would choose a thick cut fry over a thin one?
James Acaster: We've weirdly had some people on the podcast who have said that, it always surprises me. I think the thinner ones are by far superior.
Rafe Spall: Gotta be.
Ed Gamble: Sometimes you just send the mood for chip shop chips though. Thick soggy ones, that's what you're in the mood for. Covered in vinegar. But on a night out, you know, you're at a restaurant, I'd always go thin fries. Unless I was somewhere where I knew they were like legit thick, really crispy fries. Someone like Hawksmore that do big chips. But they're like, they're really crispy. I'd go for them.
James Acaster: You might be the guest that we've had on this podcast, Who is the most like Ed. You are exactly like him.
Rafe Spall: I'll take that.
James Acaster: Even down to that moment then Benito where they both just laughed. Make sure we use that for the picture when we tweet it, because you looked exactly the same.
Rafe Spall: That's hilarious. But no, you've got to triple or quadruple cook them them fat chips.
Ed Gamble: Yeah,
Rafe Spall: Right? Do you ever cook chips in your house? Do you ever cook chips?
Ed Gamble: I've never done that.
Rafe Spall: I do. I do. You've got to get yourself a deep fat fryer. Because they are, they're terrific. A lovely meal, and everyone's happy to eat this if they come to your house for dinner. Chicken and chips. Roast chicken, chips, bit of salad. That's lovely. Thats a happy dinner that is, and everyone's gonna be happy to eat that.
Rafe Spall: Are you cutting up the potatoes yourself and getting them thin?
Rafe Spall: Oh, god yeah. Yea. But you got but you get them all nice and thin. And you've got to wash that startch off em. And then you've got to dry em all, which can take a while. But just stick them on a tea towel, pat them off. And then do them in batches. And cook them three times. Come in for a bit. Take them out. Let them rest, again. Let them rest again. Even when you first put the chicken in. Do the chips, just do the chips. Five minutes. Take them out halfway, do them again. Just before you serve the chicken smash them in there again. And they are truly wonderful.
James Acaster: And then you're ready for your potato dauphinoise .
Rafe Spall: Yeah. You're going for the dauphinoise. Dauphinoise is terrific tho, innit?
Ed Gamble: Oh, that I mean, that is. I rarely, rarely have it but what What a treat, what a treat.
James Acaster: I mean, again, I'm pretty sure that's Ed's favourite way to have potatoes.
Ed Gamble: It is.
Rafe Spall: Because also it's nice to dip chips in them. Dip chips in the sauce, in the dauphinoise sauce. Talking to sauce, English mustard. I have with my steak. Yeah? I do like Dijon, but I'll go English, and then, bit of ketchup, vinegar, as you said, Ed, for the chips. I was gonna say some tartar, but there's no fish to speak of is there? But maybe I'll get a bit of tartar anyway.
Ed Gamble: Why not? While you're there.
James Acaster: Let's hear what your dream drink is.
Rafe Spall: So I've had I've had two martinis to start off. You don't want to you don't want more than two martinis. Like, because then you feel it and you want to enjoy the meal.
Ed Gamble: I've taken two drinking martinis at home which is very dangerous, especially if you then need to cook a meal. So if you have two martinis and then you've got to cook a meal, it is a recipe for injury.
Rafe Spall: There's two here that I've got alongside, I've done them, I've done the martinis and the lager. There's one softy. Another softy which is not the orange squash, and then there's a then there's some more booze.
James Acaster: Okay,
Rafe Spall: So one of them is Diet Coke. Now I've given it up. I gave up years ago because I was addicted to this stuff, right? I used to nail it, destroy it, and i'd have five cans a day easy for about 15 years. Yeah? And then I thought this can't be good. And someone pointed out to me, they said, Just think of it as the sort of thing that would be kept under the sink. And that stuck with me, because it's a chemical as that. It worked, it worked.
James Acaster: Well look, I'll tell you this about diet coke and I know earlier on you called me out for talkin about aubergine, and I'd already talked about it on another episode, but here's something brand new for you. I, in 2013 I think, I gave up caffeine, and for five years I just didn't have any caffeine at all. And then I started drinking Diet Coke after five years because I hadn't had any caffeine, it tasted like normal coke. It tasted like normal coke.
Ed Gamble: Now, Rafe. He's told that story on this podcast so many times that when you started saying you gave up Diet Coke I thought you were going to do the story back at him. That's where we're at with that. I thought you were repurposing the story to throw back in his face.
Rafe Spall: No, I wasn't repurposing it, no this is genuine. I'm interested. So, but so have you since given it up again, James, or are you still on it?
James Acaster: I've given up Diet Coke and now I'm on to Diet Pepsi. I prefer Diet Pepsi. It tastes better. It's a better drink.
Rafe Spall: Max? We're talking max?
James Acaster: Just normal diet Pepsi there, or Cherry Pepsi Max. Me and Ed are fans of that.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, love cherry Pepsi max.
James Acaster: He's with me there. If you've ever had cherry Pepsi Max, Rafe. I'd warn you against it because it sounds like it'd be worse than your diet coke addiction.
Rafe Spall: I'll be back in the caf, wouldn't I?
James Acaster: Absolutely, you'll be putting your dad's cloudy lemonade addiction to shame.
Ed Gamble: There'd be a chug of a family Christmas.
James Acaster: So you got Diet Coke.
Rafe Spall: Money and health is no object. That's our slogan on this podcast.
Rafe Spall: And then I like wine. I like wine. And so there's a fancy wine from a place called Château Latour, which is a claret, and it will probably be from maybe 1990. That sort of time. At 30 years old, bottle of that
would be about two grand to buy not in a restaurant. So in a restaurant, it'd be about eight grand I reckon. But money and health is no object at this meal, is it?
Rafe Spall: Can you ever see yourself in a situation where you're going to order an eight grand bottle of wine, because, I mean is that, or its eighty mac and cheeses, isn't it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, thats a good question. Can I ever see myself? I don't know. Like, how rich have you got to be, how rich have youn got to be to not even blink at that.
Ed Gamble: I think you've got to be like proper proper loaded. Haven't you?
Rafe Spall: Or a proper cunt. Its one of the two isn't it.
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Rafe Spall: It's either you're so rich or you're just a proper cunt. Or, both. Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, and they often do crossover. The Venn diagram is pretty,
Rafe Spall: On the Venn diagram, there is a sweet spot. Yeah, exactly. So I think I can't ever see myself doing that. No, but I do, I do collect wine. I've got some wine.
Ed Gamble: Do you have a wine cellar? Rafe. How you storing your wine?
Rafe Spall: Well, I, Yes,I do. And I, because because I moved to, I live in the countryside. And I moved to a house with a cellar in it and the people owned before me, they racked up with all wine racks. And so I thought, well, I should put some wines in there. So i suppose yes, I do have a wine cellar. Yeah.
Ed Gamble: That's my dream.
Rafe Spall: Is it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, cos I really like wine. But I've only just started getting into it, really.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, me too.
Ed Gamble: And I don't have any space to store it really. So it's just sort of about the place. And my fiance is a bit like, are you going to drink some of this before you get the new stuff? And i'm like, that's not the point.
Rafe Spall: But I find the idea of dying with a wine cellar. Really sad. Like, you know what I mean, you want to drink it or what? You got to drink it. Yeah, you can become quite miserly about it and go Yeah, touch that one. But you know, there's a sort of sad poetry in the idea of dying with a fully stocked wine cellar.
James Acaster: Well you can leave it to Ed in your will.
Ed Gamble: Yes, please.
Rafe Spall: I will. Yeah. I will in my will.
Ed Gamble: I'm sure your family will really appreciate that, me turning up on your front doorstep.
James Acaster: But very quickly they'll discover, this man is exactly like Rafe.
Rafe Spall: Do you know what, this is now down. You can choose a bottle of reasonably, you could come and choose a bottle of wine from my wine cellar, to the amount of about 20 pounds. I'll give you one. You can come down when I pass away. If you outlive me, I'll say this to my wife. This is, on this podcast, help yourself, go down there to a nice bottle of 20 pound wine.
James Acaster: That'll be a very sad bonus episode that we do.
Ed Gamble: How soon after you pass do you think it's appropriate for me to arrive at your house to get my £20 bottle of wine?
Rafe Spall: 1:Thats your judgment to make, mate. I'm not helping you out with that, thats a toughy. Puddin, are you ready for some pudding?
James Acaster: Yeah, always, well i'm worried.
Rafe Spall: No, I'm going to surprise you. I'm gonna surprise you. No, you're gonna be surprised. It's just one. This one puddin?
James Acaster: Yeah, but I'm worried because you're very similar to Ed. So I'm very worried about what this pudding is gonna be.
Rafe Spall: It's just it's Ben and Jerry's Caramel Choo Choo.
Ed Gamble: Oh, he's absolutley done it.
James Acaster: Yes, yes please.
Ed Gamble: I've never seen James go from such worry to such relief. That's the best thing you could have said to put James at ease.
James Acaster: So happy. Also, though, to me, that's fascinating, because obviously I love ice cream. I love Ben and Jerry's. I do love caramel choo choo. But that is your one that you've chosen. And yeah, Caramel Choo Choo is the one that I forget how good it is. And then when I have it, those little cups of Carmel encased in chocolate. The way they crack in your mouth when you buy into him is very satisfying.
Rafe Spall: Stop it. Also the caramel swirl that goes down to the middle of it, its Heaven. It's lovely. I love ice cream. And it's probably my favourite food.
James Acaster: Yes.
Rafe Spall: Yeah. Ice cream at number one.
James Acaster: 1:The twist at the end.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, he was like you all along.
Rafe Spall: My kids always said, you know, kids always ask question like, What's your favourite colour? you know, what's your favourite foods? And, and they asked me all the time. And so I think about these things. And it is ice cream. And Ben and Jerry's are being some of the finest purveyors of it. And I love caramel. I love toffee. I love that kind of taste. And it's heaven. So we'd all have a whole punnet each.
James Acaster: Yes. The consistency of it. How hard do you like the ice cream? how soft do you like it?
Rafe Spall: I don't want to bend a spoon putting it in? Yeah, so it needs What? 10 minutes out of fridge?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I agree with that.
Rafe Spall: What do you reckon
Ed Gamble: I'd say 10 to 15. I don't mind it a little bit soft. But I don't want it, I don't want it rock hard. I don't want that thing where you go in for a big scoop and you only get a little slither off the top and it goes pinging across the room. I hate that.
Rafe Spall: Yeah, I know. It's the worst, the worst, but you want it, you want it. You're so desperate for it. And you know, so I have an aga, so I somewhat expedite it by laying it next to the aga.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's a good tip.
Rafe Spall: Get yourself an aga and a wine cellar. I'm painting a picture of myself, painting a picture of myself here. So just a simple caramel choo choo, and then an espresso. I'll have a nice espresso. Just to get me on my way. Just to cut through all that food. Just to shake it all. A digestif as it were.
Ed Gamble: Just to get you on the way to the afterlife.
Rafe Spall: 1:Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I'll have that and then and then I'll probably get back on the lagers again.
Ed Gamble: Can you do that? Can you get back on lagers after a big meal because I'd then have to stick to wine or I'd have to go with spirits.
Rafe Spall: If I'm out drinking, like at a dinner or whatever. Always go back to lager because it's you know, a sobering beer, a nice sobering beer. You have a lager, it just you know where you are with it. It's not it's not too, it's not going to, nothing unexpected, just a little beer you're going to be fine. And you can stick on the beers.
Ed Gamble: When you said sobering beer though. I think there were definitely some driving lessons that you missed.
James Acaster: This is the lowest I've ever given anyone, mainly because you're hammered, but somehow you were able to get round all the corners. I'm gonna read you your menu back now Rafe, and we'll see how you feel about it. It's like reading a fucking novel. Here we go. Water, bubbly fresh with Robinsons in squash. Poppadoms or bread, sourdough with salted butter and salt. Starter, two vodka martinis with a quarter pint of beer while you wait for the martinis. Then you want to look at the menu and then you'll choose Tricolore salad, tuna nigiri, grilled haloumi, hummus with pita, watermelon duck and cashew salad from The Ivy, and creamed polenta with mushrooms. Main course. For the table you want spotted pig cheeseburger medium rare with string fries, porterhouse steak cooked Chicago style with English mustard. Melanzane parmigiana, chicken burrito with guacamole. Side dish, french fries, dauphinoise potatoes, pickled cucumber salad, tomato and red onion salad, truffle macaroni from The Waverley zucchini fritti, ketchup, vinegar and tartar sauce. Drink. Diet Coke with a 1990 claret on the side, although, I'm pretty sure there were more drinks there but we kept on to the dessert, which is, Ben and Jerry's Carmel choo choo, left out of the fridge for about 10 to 15 minutes. How's that feel?
Rafe Spall: Sounds good, don't it?
James Acaster: That sounds good man.
Rafe Spall: You'd enjoy that wouldn't you. Even if it'd be a bit overwhelming. It'd be fun. You'd have a nice evening out.
Ed Gamble: I think it's safe to say that that's my favourite menu of all time.
Rafe Spall: There you go. Fabulous. Fabulous. It's, well I'm pleased. Yeah, I love food. Going out to eat at restaurants is my is my favourite thing to do in the world.
James Acaster: And now this is your dream restaurant. Yeah. And you get to die at the end eating yourself to death
Rafe Spall: Eating myself to death.
James Acaster: And then we all stand around and we just watch you just slip off into the afterlife. With a moment's silence and then Ed'd slowly walk out and get into his car and just drive to your house and knock on the door and go, Hello, I'm here to choose the wine.
Ed Gamble: Do I have to deliver the news of Rafe's death as well?
Rafe Spall: To my wife. Good news and bad news.
Ed Gamble: We all go to the funeral and the person running the service steps up it goes, Okay, ladies, we got a funeral today.
Rafe Spall: Exactly. No hats. No trainers, no attitude.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much Rafe.
Rafe Spall: Thank you, such it's such a pleasure. Thank you for having me.
Ed Gamble: Well, there we go.
James Acaster: Choo Choo, all aboard. Choo, choo. You are such a happy little boy. You know, I'm really glad that went your way, dessert wise. Because I love Ben and Jerry's. I love caramel choo choo as much as the next guy, unless the next guy is James Acaster and Rafe Spall.
James Acaster: Yeah, favourite food. He said his favourite food is ice ceram.
Ed Gamble: Fair enough.
James Acaster: You know, I'm gutted that I went off on so many tangents and that we didn't have enough time at the end to talk about ice cream as much as I would like. But we always do redemption episodes, every now and again, we have redemption dinner parties. I say next time Rafe Spall comes in and we talk to him more about ice cream because that's his redemption. He didn't get to talk about icecream enough.
Ed Gamble: His redemption is he didn't get to talk about ice cream enough. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. I'd love to have Rafe back in the dream restaurant. Because as you noticed, we're brothers in arms.
James Acaster: Your brothers in arms, and he didn't choose dandelion and burdock.
Ed Gamble: Thank the Lord, thank the Lord. Thank you very much for coming into the dream restaurant Rafe. As your reward, we will now tell everyone that Trying, the second season is available on Apple TV plus from May the 14th. If you haven't seen the first season, go watch that in preparation for season two.
James Acaster: Fantastic.
Ed Gamble: Thanks very much. We will see you again sometime soon. In the dream restaurant. Goodbye.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast. Just five minutes in bubbly chat creates the perfect soft boiled conversation.
James Acaster: Hm.
Ed Gamble: No?
James Acaster: Uhh, yeah?
Ed Gamble: All right, you do an egg one.
James Acaster: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast. Cracking stuff.
Ed Gamble: No, awful! Really, really bad! Really bad. Look, mine wasn't great in terms of like, the intros that we've done in the past. It wasn't great. It sounded like I was trying to be poetic. I wasn't, I was just trying to do something. But cracking stuff is really bad, it's ironically very bad stuff.
James Acaster: Okay, well you don't understand it because -
Ed Gamble: I do. It's cracking like an egg, you crack an egg.
James Acaster: - okay, well you're halfway there.
James Acaster: Right -
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: You crack an egg, and now cracking can mean good.
James Acaster: Cracking stuff is also a... yeah -
Ed Gamble: Yeah. No, I know it's a phrase. Yeah.
James Acaster: Well, think... think about it again, then, and laugh because that's funny!
Ed Gamble: No, because it's bad! It's bad stuff.
James Acaster: Okay, well, you're in the wrong business baby!
James Acaster: You're in the wrong business. [Ed laughs]
Ed Gamble: It's bad.
Ed Gamble: Don't you "baby" me! Welcome to the Off Menu podcast. It's Ed Gamble and James Acaster, with a little bit of our classic double act repartee there. James, what's this podcast about?
James Acaster: We have a dream.
Ed Gamble: Oh. We have a dream. Right. Yes, it's about Martin Luther King, our podcast.
James Acaster: Sorry -
Ed Gamble: We have a dream.
James Acaster: I was gonna say "we have a special guest in the dream restaurant" -
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: - And then I went to say "we have a dream guest" -
Ed Gamble: We do have a dream guest!
James Acaster: - and then I thought to myself, yeah we do have a dream guest, actually. So maybe keep that in. And then before I get myself - my brain short circuited!
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: I don't normally have to think of an intro, and "Cracking stuff" really took it out of me! I deserved it! I criticised you're intro, I deserve to have it blow up in my face like this.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you did. We have a dream.
James Acaster: We have a dream! That the dream guests comes into our dream restaurant and orders their dream meal, consisting of their favourite ever: starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink!
Ed Gamble: And todays dream is...
Both Bimini Bon Boulash!
Ed Gamble: Bimini Bon Boulash is a drag queen, a recording artist, a model as well! Signed to a model agency straight out of Drag Race -
James Acaster: A force of nature!
Ed Gamble: A force of nature! James Acaster, what a quote there for the front of Bimini's book! Bimini's got a book coming out.
James Acaster: Very excited indeed to hear - I mean, Bimini is also a vegan. So we should get loads of vegan recommendations here. Every now and again, we have a vegan on the podcast. And, you know, hey! Guys! We should get more vegans on, to be fair.
Ed Gamble: I mean, that's us saying that - we're in charge of who's on the podcast. We're telling ourselves to do something that we could be doing.
James Acaster: But here's the thing. The Great Bonito is a vegetarian and he hates vegans!
Ed Gamble: Yes!
James Acaster: And so it's very hard to get vegans past him, because he has such allegiance to the vegetarian flag.
Ed Gamble: The amount of times we've had vegans on this podcast and we've not been able to release the episode because every course they order, Benito comes on to the recording and he goes "have a cube of cheese, you little shit!"
James Acaster: Yep! He tries to feed people cheese -
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: - and milk. He's a bad little boy. And we have to apologise countless times. For this episode, we had to lock him in a cupboard -
James Acaster: - and get rid of him so that he wasn't in the room. Listen, we're excited to have Bimini Bon Boulash in the dream restaurant. However, if she says the secret ingredient - which we have decided is something that we don't like - we have to kick around the dream restaurant.
Ed Gamble: We did.
James Acaster: And this week, the secret ingredient is: Gimini Gon Goulash.
James Acaster: Gimini. Gon. Goulash.
Ed Gamble: If Bimini Bon Boulash says Gimini Gon Goulash, Bimini Bon Boulash is out on her ash.
James Acaster: Not bad.
Ed Gamble: Not bad?
James Acaster: Actually, really good. Yeah, I could see a little bit of panic in your eyes before getting to the last line, thinking "what am I gonna say?"
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: And I'm guessing you thought of "ash". It was definitely gonna be "out on her ash" -
Ed Gamble: Yeah, now "dash" - I should have said "dash", really.
James Acaster: But you were like, "Uh oh, I can't - it begins with an "A" so I can't really make the full line work.
James Acaster: I can't go, "a-a-ashally ash oosh ash ash". But then you went with "out on her ash."
Ed Gamble: No.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: And that worked.
Ed Gamble: It's no "Eddy Cheddy Ready for Beddy" or whatever it is, but it'll do for now.
James Acaster: Listen, that's the high point of your life.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's true.
James Acaster: Don't try and comp are everything to your best moment ever.
Ed Gamble: [extended laughter]
James Acaster: Okay? "Bready Cheddy and Ready for Beddy" -
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: That - you're never gonna beat that. And that's fine!
Ed Gamble: That was so long ago as well. And I've achieved nothing since then.
James Acaster: Well, you know, there's loads of - there's loads of geniuses like that, Ed. Who have, you know, early on in their career done something that - do you know what, if it makes you feel any better: yeah, you've never done anything as good since - but neither has any other podcaster.
Ed Gamble: That's true.
James Acaster: No one else in podcasting has said anything as good as "Bready Cheddy and Ready for Beddy" since you said it. I include myself in that number!
Ed Gamble: Oh, yeah, me too. Bimini's book is called "A Drag Queen's Guide to Life". It is available for pre-order now and look out for new music coming from Bimini soon...
James Acaster: Very exciting. But for now... please join us... as we hear the dream menu of -
Ed Gamble: Off Menu menu.
James Acaster: Off Menu menu of Bimini Bon -
Ed Gamble: We didn't explain what Gimini Gon Goulash is.
James Acaster: Oh, yes. Before we go into this: goulash is really that secret ingredient, but we couldn't resist having a dish that rhymed with Bimin's name. And we thought of goulash, so then we went for Gimini Gon Goulash. But let's just say, any goulash.
Ed Gamble: Do you think - are we stupid? Are we thick idiots James? I just -
James Acaster: Yeah, well -
Ed Gamble: - sometimes I think we're absolute thick idiots, aren't we?
James Acaster: Listen. If anyone is listening to this podcast and they've never heard the Off Menu podcast before, and they're a big fan of Bimini's and they're here to listen to her, and then they hear this intro, they're gonna think "well, this will be the only episode of this podcast we ever listen to. Because these two absolutely stupid. They've messed up every single job they had to do in this intro. And they've taken it in turns of mess it up as well."
James Acaster: It started badly. The guy who started it was rightly told off by the other guy.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Who then tried to prove his point by being worse.
James Acaster: Yeah. And then that theme continued for the whole thing. At one point they said one of the best things that either of them have ever said is "Bready, Cheddy and Ready for Beddy". If that's the highlight of this podcast, I'm not going back and re-listening to the whole thing. And then they led into the podcast the main body of it - and then they remembered there was something I forgot to do. And then they went back and did it. And now they're completely second guessing everything they've said in the intro.
Ed Gamble: And all I tuned in for was to listen to Bimini on a podcast ,and it's taking ages to get to Bimini because they're still talking shit about Gimini Gon Goulash which isn't even a thing.
James Acaster: Which no one cared about the first time.
Ed Gamble: Anyway. Should we? Here we go then. Podcast.
James Acaster: [Sings] Podcast!
Ed Gamble: Bimini Bon Boulash, welcome to the dream restaurant.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Alright babes! Thank you for having me!
James Acaster: [Explosion sound effect] Welcome, Bimini Bon Boulash! To the dream restaurant! We've been expecting you for some time.
Ed Gamble: That was James as the Genie Waiter making his fantastic appearance. Unfortunately, because of some internet issues - we'll just let the listener know - we can't see each other today. We can only hear each other. So you're just going to have to imagine what James looks like as a genie, because he's properly dressed up for you and everything.
James Acaster: Yes.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Awww, well I'm gutted to miss it. Yeah, we've got some internet issues going over in North East London. So, it's out of my hands.
James Acaster: What are you imagining my genie outfit to look like, Bimini?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I hope you've got some shoes on that have got those little - it kind of curls up at the end like a really long toenail.
James Acaster: Yes.
Bimini Bon Boulash: And it's covered in bejewels and bejazzles. That's what I'm picturing. I'm also picturing some like, lovely kind of oversized bejazzled hareem pants. Topless, but with some - covered in chains and jewels.
James Acaster: That's exactly what I'm wearing.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Good.
Ed Gamble: Apart from the bells on the nipples, you got you got everything. The little nipple bells are quite prominent.
James Acaster: Yes.
Bimini Bon Boulash: The eyes are the nipples of the face.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, exactly, there we go.
James Acaster: It's high time someone said it! The eyes are the nipples - hold on... what? [extended laughter]
Bimini Bon Boulash: Exactly! Exactly.
James Acaster: You much of a food fan, Bimini?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, no I am very much. Too much of a food fan sometimes. But I'm also vegan.
James Acaster: We don't have enough vegans on the podcast. So we're very excited to have you on.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I was just - it was just like, we've got to two minutes or something of talking and I hadn't told you I was vegan yet. And it was - I've been like itching. It's been, it's been difficult keeping it in.
Ed Gamble: To be fair, I think a lot of vegans worry about that. And they always have to mention that "Oh, I'm always banging on about being vegan!" because they're worried that's what everyone else is thinking. But this is a food podcast, so it'd be weird if you didn't mention it.
Bimini Bon Boulash: It's part of the manifesto. It's part of what we sign up to at the beginning.
James Acaster: Oh, I've got to ask you this -
Bimini Bon Boulash: Go on.
James Acaster: - very important question you ask all vegans. Who are the top three best vegans?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Ooh, obviously me at number one. I think Pamela Anderson can get a close... she can - she just misses out on the title of The Number One Vegan. And I think as well Lewis Hamilton's doing some good stuff with their platform in terms of veganism. So, I think Lewis Hamilton can have a bronze medal.
James Acaster: Lovely.
Ed Gamble: I had absolutely no idea that Lewis Hamilton was vegan. I don't know why I associate driving fast with meat eating.
James Acaster: He's got "ham" is his name.
Ed Gamble: He's got "ham" in his name!
Bimini Bon Boulash: He's breaking boundaries! He's pushing it, he's pushing it. He's not what you'd expect and I think it's really cool.
Ed Gamble: Do you think he could get to the top spot if he changed his name? So it didn't have "ham" in it anymore?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Maybe if it was Louis Vegamilton
Ed Gamble: Vegamilton.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Louis Vegamilton. Yeah, Vegamilton.
James Acaster: Also would you like to go and see that musical, Bimini? Would you go and see Vegamilton?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Maybe. I'm not that big on musicals. The only musical I really like is Hedwig and The Angry Inch. I think that's quite cool musical. And obviously Rocky Horror Picture Show. That's a good one. But in terms of musicals, they're not really my cup of tea.
Ed Gamble: Was that hard in drag race then? When you had to - because there's always like, musical challenges and stuff, aren't there?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah. Well, we did the musical challenge and obviously for anyone that did watch it, you'll know that my talents weren't in the vocals. But it was more the punk energy.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, it was the attitude. And that's important as well when you're, when you're a musician. Like, it's not all about having the perfect vocals. You've got to bring, you've got to bring the energy. You've got to bring the attitude.
Ed Gamble: Attitude.
James Acaster: It's what punk's about.
Ed Gamble: That's my attitude to stand up comedy as well: no, I'm not funny, but I'm quite loud.
James Acaster: Yes.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I mean, we had to do a stand up comedy challenge with an empty room. With no audience. So that was difficult.
James Acaster: Well that's like Ed's entire Edinburgh run, isn't it Ed?
Ed Gamble: Yeah. [extended laughter]
James Acaster: So we always start with still or sparkling water.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Always sparkling. Because I think it just adds that level of glamour to a glass of water that you need at all times. And I actually carry around my own metallic straw. So if the restaurant doesn't have a metal straw, I can pop it in me sparkling water at all times.
James Acaster: I love this. Now, this straw. Is it just a standard, just metal tube?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Chrome, yeah. Silver. This one's silver, I use it a minute, but I do chop and change between gold or pink. It really just depends on the day.
James Acaster: Now, is that a pink straw? Or is it like, a rose gold straw?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Oh, never rose gold! Never rose gold.
Ed Gamble: How dare you, James.
James Acaster: Never rose gold!
Bimini Bon Boulash: Never rose gold! No, I'm not into that like pinky dust - no, I like dusty pink but not a rose gold. Not for me, that one.
James Acaster: Bimini, I've got news for you. I'm currently talking to you on a rose gold laptop.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Do you know what? So am I! [extended laughter] I've just realised my new laptop is rose gold!
Ed Gamble: Oh no.
Bimini Bon Boulash: What a hypocrite!
Ed Gamble: Isn't it nice in this day and age that people can carry around metallic straws for sustainably drinking sparkling water; whereas if you saw someone in the 70s with the metallic straw, we all knew what that was for.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well it has multi-usage. [extended laughter] That's what we need with sustainability. We can't just have one product that does one thing, you need them to have various reasons for existing.
James Acaster: So, you want sparkling water with your own -
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yep.
James Acaster: - metallic straw that you've brought along yourself as well.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Can I have a slice of lime?
James Acaster: Oh -
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah.
James Acaster: Absolutely.
Bimini Bon Boulash: And ice.
Ed Gamble: Is it always lime over lemon for you, Bimini?
Bimini Bon Boulash: It's always line o- lime o- lime? Ooh I said line. That was a Freudian slip. [extended laughter] Lime over - lime over -
James Acaster: The straw comes out again. [Bimini laughs]
Bimini Bon Boulash: It's always lime over lemon for me, I would say. Actually, no that's a lie! Lemon first thing in the morning. But if I'm being, if I'm at a restaurant, I like to have lime in my sparkling water because I feel like it's a bit edgier than a lemon.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I feel like lime's got more of a - like a bit cooler, aren't they, limes?
Ed Gamble: Bit more punk?
James Acaster: Yep.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Bit more punk. Yeah, they've got an attitude.
James Acaster: I'm intrigued with this lemon in the morning, lime in the evening thing.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Mm.
James Acaster: At what time of day, does it switch over from lemon to lime?
Bimini Bon Boulash: It depends on what I've been up to, if I'm honest, but I do think I'm one for a fad. So if someone tells me, I have to drink a glass of lemon water at room temperature first thing in the morning: I'll do it every single day. If they tell me it's good for me. That's the kind of person I am, I think. So, I would say - I'd say when it starts get a bit darker. I think when it gets a bit darker, that's when you go for the lime.
James Acaster: Yeah. Because then who's to know, you know? It's darker at that point. Is it a lemon? Is it a lime? People can't call you out.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Is it an orange? [Ed laughs]
James Acaster: Is it an orange?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Like, what is it? Is it - are you having an aperol spritz? O are you having a sparkling water? Like who knows at this point.
Ed Gamble: That's weird isn't it, about the - why is it the lemon and the lime that people are so into when it comes to water? Because if someone brought you a glass of water, it has a lemon or lime in it, you're not going to bat an eyelid right? But if they brought you a big slice of orange and a glass of water, you're going to complain.
Bimini Bon Boulash: You might complain or you might think they're being really cool or edgy. But I think it really comes down to like - I was unnaturally ginger, and I think people are just offended by orange and like that tone and that shade. I think people just have a fixation with it. So I would say it's - I think, justice for orange.
James Acaster: It's prejudice. People don't want the orange in the water because of their own prejudice against gingerhaired people.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, quote me on that. I said it.
Ed Gamble: Or a carrot. That's why people don't want a big carrot sticking out the water either.
James Acaster: Yeah?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I've got called "carrot top" loads. So I think that is, I think that is. Although I had a spiced carrot - I know this is off topic but I had a spiced carrot in Margate this weekend. And it was the best carrot I've ever had in my entire life.
James Acaster: I don't think this is off topic, I'm loving it.
Ed Gamble: Not off topic at all. This is bang on topic, Bimini. Take us through the spiced carrot.
Bimini Bon Boulash: It also had this kind of like yoghurt pesto base. And it was like, soft in the middle, but a bit hard on the outside. And it was covered in like, all the different like - cinnamon and cumin spices, and it was just cooked to perfection. And we were all just like, "this is the best carrot I've ever had". And it was a whole carrot as well. So it was like a big old carrot, they hadn't tried to chop it up or anything. It was just mind blowing. Honestly, I can't remember the restaurant. I can't remember where it was. It was on a rooftop in Margate and they've just opened up the place. It was bloody freezing. But the carrot was gorgeous. Chef's kiss. [Bimini does a chef's kiss]
James Acaster: Sounds great!
Ed Gamble: That's what's getting the - some really good just like, vegan cooking happening at the moment where chefs like, treat the vegetables - like whole vegetables - almost as if they're meat and like baste them and you know cook them in amazing spices and stuff. And I I myself had a big roast cauliflower the other day, Bimini.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I love cauliflower. It's so versatile
Ed Gamble: Oh man.
Bimini Bon Boulash: It is good. Cauliflower chicken - like, you can make vegan cauliflower wings. Buffalo wings. Ah! They are incredible. They're one of my favourite like little starter things to make. But there's other - I think you're true like, I think we've become accustomed to like hundreds of years of cooking very meat-based - especially here in Britain, we're very like, where it's like meat and two veg. I think people are trying. People are being more experimental with carrots. And I was, I just couldn't believe that the carrot's had this injustice its entire life when it could taste that good.
James Acaster: Would you like the spiced carrot that you had on the rooftop as an amuse-bouche for this meal?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, why not? Because... do you know what? I feel bad for my lovely mom who is incredible, but she can't make a carrot. It's always either too hard. Or just like, it's basically raw and this carrot was like... it was - there was love in this carrot.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I can't stop thinking about it.
James Acaster: I'm watching The Walking Dead at the minute. And there's a scene in that, that I saw the other day when one of the characters says to the other one "there's three pots of boiling water. In one of them, I put a carrot. In the other one, I put an egg. And in the third one I put coffee grounds. The carrot went in hard and came out soft. The egg went in soft and came out hard. The coffee grounds change the water itself."
Ed Gamble: So what does that mean, James?
James Acaster: Not really keeping up with The Walking Dead very well. It's confusing. A lot of it is like, going over my head. But I thought that sounded pretty profound when they said that.
Ed Gamble: I love that you're clearly not watching any of this stuff with zombies, you're like zoning out and looking at your phone and stuff. And the only time we've concentrated is sort of quite a bullshit proverb about carrots.
James Acaster: Well, I'm used to listening about food all the time now. Because of this podcast, whenever anyone mentions food -
Bimini Bon Boulash: Maybe it's, you're not meant to judge something by its colour because you don't know how it's gonna turn out. Maybe that's what that means.
Ed Gamble: That's good.
James Acaster: I think so.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Like I think it's quite profound actually.
James Acaster: Felt pretty profound at the time, Bimini. Thank you - POPPADOMS OR BREAD?!
Bimini Bon Boulash: Ooh -
James Acaster: POPPADOMS OR BREAD, BIMINI BON BOULASH!
Bimini Bon Boulash: Let's go with... bread.
Ed Gamble: I can tell you know your food, you think about this a lot. What sort of bread are we going with? You have a specific type of bread? Do you have bread from a certain place that you love the most?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah so see the thing is, right, I think ultimately, you can try all these different types of breads and some of them are gorgeous - shout out to the expensive sourdoughs that I've eaten in Dalston. But... I will say, I don't know if you can beat a white crusty roll.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Bimini Bon Boulash: A white, crusty roll that crumbles when you eat it. There was a shop that I remember growing up as a kid - and I think this is why I've got this like, this this memory of it - that I used to go every Saturday to my aunty's house. And it was just like a little corner shop, but they made this like fresh bread in the mornings. And we would get like, these crusty rolls - just with butter as well like, not even with anything inside just like the crusty roll warm with butter. And it's - I honestly don't think you can beat that.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I mean, you've convinced me. I've just - I went somewhere else when you were describing that that warm crusty roll there. That sounds absolutely amazing.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah it's like, it's a bit basic, but I do often as well if you have a soup and you pop in it a white crusty roll with a bit of butter on, in your soap. You can't beat that. I mean that's just like, that's just like mouth watering stuff right there and i think - i think a white question is underrated. I think probably a lot of people will try and go really fancy with like - to tell you about the breads and I have had many a bread in my time but I will say I just don't think you can beat it.
James Acaster: What kind of butter you have on it. Salted, unsalted?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well vegan butter, obviously and also there's there's a there's a Sainsbury's do this really bangin vegan butter now, and it comes in like a slab of butter. And it's hard like how butter would be and it tastes and it spreads just like it, it's really it's like the closest closest I've had to kind of that Lurpak experience that I grew up with so I think yeah, it was obviously being the vegan butter, salted always because I put salt on everything.
James Acaster: Here's an important question. Do you bake?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I have baked in my time some some really terrible attempts but um yeah, I have baked
James Acaster: I have a business proposition for you Bimini. Would you like to open a bakery with me called Bakery Bun Boo Lash,
Bimini Bon Boulash: Bakery Bun Boo Lash or Bimini, run by Bimini Bun Bakery. Yeah, let's do it. Yeah,
James Acaster: I think there'd be a queue out the door. I think we'd sell a lot of crusty white roll
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, crusty white rolls, that needs to be like the main source of the the hype that we build around it, because I think everyone goes to fancy now, I think we just need to bring back a bit simplicity. Yeah, I say that while I'm like in this white faux fur coat and like, not really simple. But yeah.
James Acaster: I say we only serve the crusty white roles because I personally, I don't know what you think about this. I like the places that just do unlimited. menu now the less stuff on the menu, the better.
James Acaster: Because you know it's good.
James Acaster: You know, it's good.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah. And like you can, you can maybe switch it up in a few months time if you fancy it. But ultimately, people come for the food that they know they're gonna love. That's why I go back to some of the
restaurants I go to is because I know that I'm going to get good stuff. I like places that have their like main things on the menu, and then maybe sometimes they'll switch a few dishes around. But like, ultimately, if I'm going back for years, I want to be having the same stuff because food brings nostalgia.
Ed Gamble: Exactly. It's like you're saying about the buns remind you of your Auntie's house and stuff. And these are the buns that you can serve at the Bimini Bun Bakery. I'm thinking shelves have those and you're wearing the white faux coat as well to serve them. So it's white rolls white walls, white coat,
Bimini Bon Boulash: and I'm actually wearing a bra and panty two piece made out of strictly white crusty rolls.
Ed Gamble: Perfect. What would you like James to wear? Because obviously, he's going to be there helping out? Yeah. Is he going to be dressed as the genie? Or does he need something else to fit in more?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, we'll see. Do you know what I think James? I think you dress in whatever you feel makes you feel comfortable. If you want to be the genie you can be the genie you can be the genie of your own life.
James Acaster: I feel like if we're working at the bakery together, and you've got your outfit on that you just described. I'm going to feel a little bit out of place if I'm not wearing the same thing. So if that's the uniform,
Bimini Bon Boulash: okay, well we'll make you like either a thong.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Bimini Bon Boulash: out of the white crusty roll or like kind of a ball wrap mankini out of white crusty rolls, like that kind of vibe.
Ed Gamble: Yes. How's a thong gonna work made of the white crusty roll? Would it have to be like uncooked dough? For the bit of the back?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I do love uncooked dough. I do. I feel like, sometimes I feel like uncooked dough is better than the actual product at the end. Is that weird?
Ed Gamble: Well, I get it with cookies. There's a big thing about cookie dough, of course, like raw cookie dough. Yeah. hasn't quite stretched a bread yet.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, I feel like I'm quite weird. I quite like like making bread when we use like the water in the flour. I quite like just eating that raw. Is that weird?
James Acaster: I've not heard of it before.
Bimini Bon Boulash: It's not good for your stomach. But it's just I don't know what it is. I could probably survive for a bit. I'm just water and flour.
James Acaster: Do you want that as your bread course?
Bimini Bon Boulash: No white crusty roll. Let's go. It's cooked, its baked.
Ed Gamble: How about okay. Before we bring you the bread course, James as the genie waiter will bring over the dough that we're about to bake the rolls out of and you can give the dough a little taste just to make sure it's up to scratch and then we'll whisk it away and bake it for you. How does that sound?
Bimini Bon Boulash: That'd be great. And you know what? There's always off cuts of dough that gets like put in a ball of thrown away so I will happily eat that,
Ed Gamble: by all means pop into the kitchen and eat out the bin.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I'm actually starving right now and I'm trying to do this thing. This like crazy thing where you try to cut down on your bread intake and this conversation is not doing me good.
James Acaster: are you hallucinating?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I'm not hallucinating yet, but I think if we go further on, and I like I just love it and I eat it too much. There can be days where all i've eaten is bread. And I'm like, I need to eat something else because I've just literally like an entire loaf or like a whole baguette, like nothing else. Like all of my favourite foods are kind of bread based.
Ed Gamble: So we might see the appearance of more bread based things on the menu as we move forward then,
Bimini Bon Boulash: I think so, I was gonna try and avoid it. But ultimately, like my favourite food is pizza. So that's like it's hard to avoid when it's bread based. Yeah. It's funny, it's funny that they were like we're doing this because I remember like last summer when we were in lockdown, the first lockdown. We all sat in the garden, me and my housemates and we had this conversation from start to finish about like, because obviously we've listened to the podcast, so we all went round and was like really talking about it, and we were like really getting into it. Like you can't have that as your started, like no way.
Ed Gamble: what was the biggest controversy?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Someone said popadoms over bread. I think we were all like, really popadoms over bread? Like we were all shocked. But I mean, I would have poppadoms I feel like if I was - definitely if I was having like an Indian dish, or like something maybe with like East Asian, or like Southeast Asian, but I think ultimately bred for just everyday use. Really.
James Acaster: It's your fave and you're like em raw, no one's eating raw poppadoms.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, could you do that?
James Acaster: Actually, to be fair, no one besides you has eaten raw bread, to be honest.
Ed Gamble: Did you hear how excited Bimini got at even the suggestion of a raw popadom straightaway?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I kind of like, ears perked up. Yeah, I was like, Well, I'll give it a go.
James Acaster: Let's move on to your starter, the meal proper begins. What's your dream starter?
Bimini Bon Boulash: So I'm going to go with a soup but not any kind of soup because obviously it goes great with the bread. But, I will go with leek and potato soup. And it is only because it was one of the only things that my mum could cook really, really well.
James Acaster: And do you want it cooked by your mum?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I think so yeah cuz she got this like really good texture with it and it was like kind of really like, she'd like blend it all and it was it was it was really creamy and probably really unhealthy but I remember having it as a kid and the thing that like, it makes me remember is because my mum would always cook like when she could but I rememberI started cooking at about 14 because I was like, I want to start cooking for myself, because I don't really like this. Sorry, mum, when you listen to this, I love you. But her leek and potato soup is her standout. And I think she's lived in the Bahamas when she was younger. And all of the locals used to call it Heather soup. Her name is Heather. so they used to call it Heather soup. And because it was like the only thing that she could cook, so she would like make it for everyone and just have this like abundance of Heather soup to everyone and it was just leek and potato soup. But it's got, It's got memories. It's got nostalgia for me.
Ed Gamble: The thing is, why would you learn how to cook anything else, if you do a dish that everyone names after you?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I never exactly. And they all thought it was like the most mind blowing thing that they'd eaten and it was literally just leek and potatoes. But when my mum and dad like when they moved to the Bahamas when they were younger, I think my mum said like they literally didn't cook for like the first six months. Just ate out, which is very luxurious. They didn't buy cutlery for six months because they would just go for dinner all the time. Which I mean, I would love to do that.
Ed Gamble: I think I'd have a fork for an emergency. Yeah, if I knew I was gonna be out for six months. I definitely keep maybe one set just in case.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, I mean, the fork could have come in handy because they did get held at gunpoint once, so they could have had that fork to help them.
James Acaster: Give me all your soup.
Bimini Bon Boulash: That's what it was. They were trying to get the Heather Soup. They wanted the recipe for the leak and potatoes
Ed Gamble: But then if I if I was given the option of any of the cutlery is to protect myself against someone with a gun. I probably plump for the knife.
James Acaster: Oh yeah?
Bimini Bon Boulash: It depends tho, not butter knife, they don't do much.
James Acaster: Think it through.
Ed Gamble: All right fork then. Actually, I'd tell you what, I just get a gun and if I had to eat it soup I'd eat it with the gun.
James Acaster: Yeah. I see what your saying. And I think a gun is technically cutlery anyway.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's true. Yeah,
Bimini Bon Boulash: I mean, like we said earlier, sustainability, it's got to have more than one use now.
Ed Gamble: Exactly.
James Acaster: Yeah. Use the barrel as a straw?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, why not?
James Acaster: Here's my main question about Heather soup. Yeah. How much soup was your mother making? Your parents have moved to the Bahamas, and your mom has made so much soup that the locals are calling it Heather soup I think that's amazing.
Bimini Bon Boulash: She's making it for everyone.
James Acaster: She must have been having a lot of people over to have Heather soup and then going you're gonna have to eat this with your hands. We haven't got any cutlery.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, I remember when I was younger, going to my friend's house with my mom. And I think this is like so we're from a Scottish family and Scottish Scotland they like to meet and to veg. So yeah, my mum's only used to a certain thing but I remember her coming to, we went to my friend's mom's house and she'd made this like tomato and mozzarella salad. I remember my mother being like, Oh, this is lovely, what's in this? And she was like, mozzarella and tomatos, poor mom bless her. She's Oh, this is amazing. And she like made it. Like for her like next barbecue and she's like my salad, the Tomato mozzarella. Oh, yes. Really good. But now now I'm older. I'm like, Oh, I was just tomato mozzarella. It wasn't anything groundbreaking.
James Acaster: You got your metal straw. Yeah, you've drank your water out of it. Are you gonna pop that in the soup?
Bimini Bon Boulash: the straw?
James Acaster: Have you ever had soup through a straw?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Do you think I'm an animal? I would eat the soup with my hands. Of course I would use the straw? No, I have, no I will say I have, it depends on the bowl as well actually. Because sometimes the bowls can be too deep. You can't really give it a lick. But sometimes when the soup so good, you got to lick that bowl. Its the same with food. Me and my boyfriend, like I'll lick the bowl. I don't care. I wont do it in a restaurant, maybe. But I would do it at home.
Ed Gamble: I unfortunately do that sort of thing in restaurants all the time. And I'm roundly told off for it by my fiance on every occasion. But I know that by the time I'm halfway through licking the plate, she can't do anything about it. So I just do it. Just do it again.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, exactly.
Ed Gamble: It's a compliment to the chef,
James Acaster: Ac real compliment to the chef is to just lick a message into it. So I just lick "good food", So it says that and then it goes back and the chef knows what a compliment.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, once when I was eating, I was at The Breakfast Club. And a man was watching me quite intensely. And he was sat quite close to me and looking at me eat and he was looking at my food.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Was it erotic?
Ed Gamble: No, I don't think it was erotic. I think he was just fascinated by me. Not in a sexual way. I think maybe I was eating quite voraciously and it was staring at me and he wouldn't stop staring at me even though I made it quite clear that news looking at me so I made an arrow out of the bacon and wrote "idiot" in beans pointing towards him because he was looking at the plate so much so I made an error out the bacon and wrote "idiot" in the beans.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I live for that like passive aggressive pettiness.
James Acaster: Sorry Ed, Did you line up each into individual baked bean, so it said idiot? or did you write with your finger in the beans?
Ed Gamble: I tried to for a bit but then some of it was in sauce so some of it I just had sort of shape the sauce. But to be honest once it got to I-D-I , I think he knew exactly what was happening.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, maybe that's why he was staring. It was like, this person's making words out of beans.
Ed Gamble: The beans word was a reaction to what he was doing. So yeah, and he did look away after that. But yeah, that's the only time I've written a message in food.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Can I ask you all a question?
James Acaster: Yes, please.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Do you count how many chews of your food you do?
James Acaster: I personally do not. Edward?
Ed Gamble: I have done in the past, but only immediatly after I'm told that I should be chewing my food more, because how many is it supposed to be Bimini? There's like a rule isn't there.
Bimini Bon Boulash: 28! I've tried. It's crazy. I've tried this. I'm like, because I'm a very quick eater. And I've got it from my dad. I think like growing up, they'd call me like the human dustbin because I would just literally eat, but I would I would not chew my food. And I think Yeah, sometimes I've had in the past issues with my bowels and perhaps that's why
James Acaster: well, in your defence, you were mainly eating soup growing up. So how many chews are you meant to do with that?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Exactly, is already chewed up for you?
Ed Gamble: Is that how your mom made it?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I think it's a tricky one. I do. I do want to eat slower, and enjoy my food more. But I actually think I'm eating so quickly because I am enjoying my food.
James Acaster: Yeah, well, I'm definitely like you. I eat really fast. Yeah. And sometimes I'll swallow something and think, well that wasn't ready to be swallowed.
Bimini Bon Boulash: That cut my throat.
James Acaster: Yeah, oh dear. Why did I do that? So excited for the next bite, I think exactly the same thing. I should have enjoyed that one that was alreadu in my mouth.
Ed Gamble: sometimes having to swallow a really big bit of food where you're like, you shouldn't have to go for three gulps while that's going down. I feel like an Anaconda.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I know. Yeah, I do need to be more conscious of it.
James Acaster: Well, if you want Bimini, we can set up a counter in front of you, like a digital kind of like clock that counts your chews for you as you're eating, so that you know that you've done enough chews for every every course
Bimini Bon Boulash: I think we'll try and go with half of 28 because I have tried to do 28 and it's literally gone by the time I get to 28 so I don't think I've ever got to 28 before. So I think Yeah, we'll try me in the middle of 14. I'll settle for that.
James Acaster: Now, we think we already know what your main course is going to be. You've told us your favourite food but we don't know the details. Are we are we looking at a trip to pizza town?
Bimini Bon Boulash: So I wasn't going to, I was gonna go with an Asian inspired dish but my heart of hearts is saying pizza. And my boyfriend is Italian. That's one of the reasons I'm with him, he can make great italian food. One of the many reasons but that does help. Pasta is something that I love to have as well. A lot of carbs. My diet is very carb heavy, I do realise that, but Stefano, he makes great Italian food. We always go for Purezza which is a restaurant in Camden, they've got one in Brighton as well. Don't know if you've heard of it. It's all vegan pizza. And it is the best pizza you will ever eat. I'm not even I'm not even like being vegan and biassed here. It won awards. It beat the Dairy and Meat awards for like pizza of the year like three years in a row. It's so good. And they make all of their own vegan cheeses in house, it's all nut based. Not all nut based. Some of it's different, and they they do like hemp bases and like they're really experimented with it and it's really really banging. They do this one in particular called Parmigiano Party, which is kind of pork. It's like vegan pork stuff. And it is just so good. It's like literally what we'll get every time we go there,
James Acaster: The parmigiana party
Bimini Bon Boulash: and the thing is that Stefano being Italian and vegan. I think like his his family were more shocked that he was vegan then he was gay. They were like, what?
Ed Gamble: He didn't hit them with that double whammy at the same time did he?.
Bimini Bon Boulash: No the same time no. I think the gay was a bit before then it was the vegan. But the Vegan was the one that they had to get most accustomed to.
Ed Gamble: Have you taken his family to Purezza, do you think they could handle that?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I think they could handle it. They haven't been to Purezza. No, I've taken my my family to Purezza and my mum. Like my granddad didn't come. I remember I remember giving my granddad a vegan burger. He's like 81 and Scottish, he's old school. And I remember giving him this vegan burger and he ate and
he was thought that was lovely, really tasty. And I was like, oh, wow, that was vegan. He was like, Oh yeah, I could tell that. You're just saying that. But yeah, my mum loved Purezza. My mom loved the pizza and she was like, she couldn't believe it was all vegan.
James Acaster: Can't believe I've never heard of this place. I really want to go there now
Bimini Bon Boulash: they also do dough balls as well.
James Acaster: I was gonna say cuz I know you love your dough, what are their dough balls like?
James Acaster: Sold
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well no, but they are cooked, but they also had this vegan cheese that oozes out of it's, it's melted like the vegan cheese they should like bottle that stuff up and sell that in supermarkets because it's the best. Like I don't swear but people go hard, like go quite nasty on vegan cheeses whereas this stuff is like otherworldly. It's literally like all made inhouse, it's just yeah, it's just so tasty. But like we go to Purezza probably once a month, like when it was open like we were going that often like they knew us by name there so. And they also do a dessert which we've never had just purely because we've always have too much bread, but it's an Oreo pizza dessert, which is more bread. We always get to the point where we outbread ourselves so we can have it.
Ed Gamble: Raw?
Ed Gamble: Whenever I see that on the menu at pizza place where they do a dessert pizza as well I think who who is getting to that point where they order a dessert pizza and obviously it's James Acaster.
James Acaster: Yeah, I'm hoping that an Oreo dessert pizza is a base then load of Oreos, then another base on top like a big Oreo.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I've not had it yet, so I can't I can't confirm or deny but I'm sure it's bangin
Ed Gamble: I was assuming it was like a black base like somehow they've got the crumb into the dough and then spread the cream the sort of creamy Oreo stuff on top. Or folded over like a calzone.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I don't think it's, yeah calzone.
James Acaster: Were you questioning the pronunciation there Bimini whether it's Calzon-e or calzone.
Bimini Bon Boulash: No I wasn't because my boyfriend's Italian and I say everything like with most London accent, so i'd be like bambino, or like parmesan o'potluck. I'm sure it's got to be said in a different Italian way. Or like yeah, Stefano as well, it's always like, Stefano, I suppose family wouldn't say like that. But like, just the London twang. I'm not coming for your pronunciation, don't worry. He's very good at it. And like he's lived here since 2011. I must say his grammar sometimes is probably better than mine. And it's his second language. And I'm like, he pulls me up and stuff and I'm like excuse me. I'm not gonna pull you up and you're Italian. Because I don't know it. He's very smart. So I respect that but like Yeah, he doesn't try and do my accent .
James Acaster: You glancing over at the specials board whenever you go into this pizza place. I think that that's the most that I look at specials boards. I'm quite excited when going to pizza places about the specials board. I'd say anywhere else. I'm mainly ordering off the menu. Wherever I go to pizza place I'm probably most likely to go for a special
Bimini Bon Boulash: that's interesting. No, they do have cool special like cocktails and special pizzas. Theres pizza the month which we will get sometimes actually we'll get one from the specials board, But a lot of times it's well, because it is a piece of place, they do do other stuff over the pizza. Like pastas and things which I love as well. But I do think if you go to a pizza place get bloody pizza.
James Acaster: Got to get the pizza. Anyone who orders pastor at a pizza place winds me up so much. I'm not joking. I get so wound up. Sometimes you say to people, theres this great pizza place. You've got to come and have a pizza there and you bring them in and then they look at the menu and go, I'll just have a spaghetti bolognese and I think Wow, so nice friendship while it lasted.
Ed Gamble: It's so rude. This feels like a massive subtweet on me James from when we went to Roberta's in New York and I got the cacio e pepe.
James Acaster: Well, we all got that because Todd Barrt had chosen it on his dream menu and we all wanted to have it.
Ed Gamble: No, but when we went the first time I got pasta I didn't get a pizza I got pasta.
James Acaster: Yes, well sadly and I can't sever my relationship with you, we do a podcast together. I have to just grin and bear it whenever you make a bad choice at a restaurant.
Bimini Bon Boulash: It's just an act of defiance that we could just do without
Ed Gamble: What can I say? Bimini you know, you think you're punk right? You go into you go into the pizza restaurant you're ordering a pizza like the rest like the rest of the chumps. I'm in their fucking the system and ordering a pasta.
James Acaster: get the cacio e pepe, like a true punk rocker.
Ed Gamble: cacio e pepe, flip the double bird walk out.
Bimini Bon Boulash: You know what, fair enough.
James Acaster: I'm pretty sure Bimini -
Bimini Bon Boulash: smash the window
James Acaster: that on that day Ed got a cacio e pepe and a pizza. I'm pretty sure you didn't just get. I'm not I'm not saying I'm not saying people, like my good friend Ed Gamble, who gets a pasta as his side dish, of out of order. I'm saying, it's more than people who only get a pasta. But especially if it's a spaghetti bolognese, I'll get really wound up about it. I mean, really we should move on to the side, but I'm really getting into this pizza chat Bimini Have you ever had pasta on a pizza before?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Now I happen actually. But I do, when I make pasta I put potato in pasta, which some people find quite controversial but I think that's a trick that people are missing. Honestly like pasta with potato in, anything with pesto base is just carb carb. It's just brilliant.
Ed Gamble: What sort of potatoes you putting in? Are you like chopping up boiled potatoes, roast potatoes. What's going in there,
Ed Gamble: I would say the thing that's really going to stress a bit a pasta out is if it's bubbling away in the pot, and then a potato comes in for a swim.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Maris Piper will get Maris Piper cut them up, boil them with the pasta But you boil the potatoes first for a bit and then add the pasta. Make sure it's in a big pan plenty of water. So the pastor doesn't get stressed. Because Stefano says that is a thing and he is Italian, so I respect that. And then you make you make your sauce and your base wherever it is. And it's just great. His people now have pasta with potato and I'm pretty sure we invented it. Maybe we didn't.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, no, because the potato is already in there, so actually the pasta stressing out the potato. The potato needs longer time than the pasta. But you do need a big pan, because I've cooked many pasta in my time where the pan has been too small. And Stefano gets very angry at me for stressing out the pasta.
Ed Gamble: stressing out the pasta.
James Acaster: How would Stepheno I feel about this? I got an arancini the other day, a big old and arancini ball. I've got a -
Ed Gamble: How big?
James Acaster: It was about a cricket ball size. And there's lots of different ones, and I asked the spaghetti carbonara one and I bit into it. And it just was rolled up spaghetti carbonara that covered in breadcrumbs. So I bit into it and it just blossomed and it was just all spaghetti carbonara inside
Ed Gamble: like long strands of spaghetti?
James Acaster: Just a full spaghetti carbonara in a ball. It was delicious.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Oh my god. Well, I bet that sounds delicious. But that doesn't sound like what you wanted.
James Acaster: Well, it was what I didn't know I wanted.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Okay, well, that's always good. Sometimes the universe answers as in many ways, and maybe that was what the universe was giving you that day.
James Acaster: Yeah, I think so. I don't know if Stefano would approve of it.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I'll ask Stefano. I think sometimes people do try to be experimental with the Italian cuisine. And I do think it's, it's so successful, and so delicious, for a reason that you don't have to try to make it something that isn't.
Ed Gamble: The supermarket Iceland, they famously do Chicken Tikka lasagna.
Bimini Bon Boulash: God No. I just think sometimes you just gotta leave it.
Ed Gamble: I think that's the line, isn't it? Just leave it Iceland.
James Acaster: We come to your side dish.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Let's go with Cajun - Oh my god I'm about to contradict myself again.
James Acaster: Cajun lasagna?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Cajun salted fries. That's not too bad, thats not too far is it, that that's not to like chicken tikka lasagna. That's just Cajun salted fries. So good. But cooked to perfection really crunchy.
Ed Gamble: Tell me Bimini, because the the involvement of Cajun spicing in fries now makes me think what shape are these fries? Are we curling them up?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I'm trying to think if I want anything else on them. I want them to be quite bitty. Gotta be crispy. I think they've got to be - Do you know what they are? They're they're just a bit smaller than your average chip shop chip, but they're cooked crunchier. There's actually a chipshop, beacuase I was just in margate, so this is just fresh in my memory. They have a chip shop there, which was really tasty and they they've got it right. But that kind of level of chip that's cooked soft in the middle but really crispy on the outside.
Not burned tho. It's not chard, you want it to be like just cooked just before charing, shareing, charing, is it charing?
James Acaster: I'm so charing, personally, but you can say shareing.
Ed Gamble: Shareing is lovely.
James Acaster: And shareing sounds nicer actually.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Yeah, okay, let's change that in the dictionary. But yeah. Just before it's not burnt, and then it's covered in Cajun salted and just super delicious. And I do think you do need a side of garlic vegan mayo just to dip in or sriracha as well to add a bit more spice because I do like spice.
James Acaster: We'll give you two dips.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Okay, that's lovely. Thank you.
Ed Gamble: I would say vegan garlic Mayo is one of the things that is absolutely indistinguishable from non vegan. If you get a vegan garlic Mayo is exactly the same as a non vegan garlic mayo. It's absolutely delicious.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, Mayo has really stepped it up over the last couple of years. I went vegan in 2015. And that was fuck all really to eat, and so that's, I guess where the love of bread came from. But it's evolved over the years, which I'm very grateful for and we now have our own section in supermarkets. progression is happening. People are noticing us. There's a bit more respect, not a lot but a bit. Progression with the mayo. I'm here for that.
James Acaster: There is one person who can tell the difference between vegan garlic mayo and normal garlic mayo, and that is your grandfather.
Ed Gamble: Only if you told him afterwards though,
Bimini Bon Boulash: only if you told him afterwards. Exactly this is the thing I like to try. it's not like spiking my family, I don't spike them. But one of my pet peeves about cooking or making food for people that are non vegan that
my friends, is that they say the phrase, "this is good for vegan" and I'm like, NO, Its just good, that's not good for Vegan. It's just good food. It really it really grinds my gears at one.
James Acaster: That'd be a good TV show. Just called good for vegan as someone hosts it, and people don't know if the food is vegan or not. They have to eat it and say what they think and make the guess.
Bimini Bon Boulash: You've just come up with channel fours new reality competition show. Yeah.
James Acaster: I think you'd be a good host for it Bimini.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you'd be great at that Bimini.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well let's do it, I think you need to pitch it, because that's actually a really good idea. And I feel like people are gonna listen to his podcast and then jump on it. So I think you need to get in there quickly.
James Acaster: Yeah, that's a few ideas we come up with on this podcast, actually, that I think we need to get in there quickly and do this, and Benito stops us from doing it. And then I know other people are gonna make a lot of money from it.
Ed Gamble: What other ideas are there, James, that we've come up with on this podcast?
James Acaster: We've come up with loads of ideas, haven't we? Laying on a conveyor belt and going through the glaze curtain at a donut shop?
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Is that something that you'd be interested in Bimini if we make a show where we lay down celebrities on a conveyor belt and put them through a glaze curtain at a donut shop, if it was vegan glaze?
Bimini Bon Boulash: if it was vegan glaze, and also I got creative control over the outfit. Yeah. And also as it goes back round, somehow I'm in a new look, every time it goes round. It just keeps going. Like it's just a different look, it's like an actual concept. It's like an art show. It's like a fashion show. It's like a Mugler fashion show but in a glaze kitchen. Brilliant. There we go. Art, fashion, food.
Ed Gamble: you have actually just refined that idea to something good. Thank you Bimini.
James Acaster: Your drink. What's your dream drink for this meal?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I am going to go with a chilli salted Margarita.
Ed Gamble: A pecante, would we call it a pecante? Have you heard it called that before?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I have not. But I have had it called Margarita with chilli and salt all around that rim. Rim, rim, rim. But we can call it pecante, is that what its called?
Ed Gamble: Yours describes it way better. Yours is a tomato mozzarella salad style thing. I know exactly what it is now. I've just had it called pecante before with a half a chilli stuck in the top of it as well.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Oh, okay. Okay, that could be cool, I think it's got to be frozen though.
James Acaster: Yes,
Bimini Bon Boulash: Margaret is frozen.
Ed Gamble: Oh, okay. Yeah, now we're talking.
James Acaster: I introduced my mum to frozen Margaritas recently. She'd never had them before. I made sure she ordered one, changed her life.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Was she hyper?
James Acaster: She was saying how delicious it was all the time. Kept on remarking on how delicious it was.
Bimini Bon Boulash: They are really good as a cocktail. It's a really great blend of lime. See, lime. The edginess of the lime. The tequila, tequila being like that like the only alcoholic drink thats an upper which I think is important
sometimes if you don't want to go on a downward spiral with gin which I've done many times. And so I think I think Margarita is the way forward.
James Acaster: Talk about your journey to this particular type of Margarita.Whatever Margaritas did you visit along the way that weren't quite as good but that led us to this point.
Bimini Bon Boulash: So we, me and my housemates, we do love a margarita and it reminds me of our summer lockdown last year. When we were locked down together we had a garden.We moved house recently and we don't have a garden as much anymore but we have this lovely gardens, it was really sunny and we will have that Margaritas in the evenings and it reminds me of that time and I think we experimented quite a lot. I would say some margaritas were terrible and offensive to the entire culture that it comes from. But other margaritas were spot on and banging. Sometimes we've done it where we've been having drinks and the ladle comes out. So this is another multi use purpose. We don't have shot glasses, we use a ladle. So we will do shots tequila out of a ladle. My housemate, when she gets the ladle out, you know, it's about to get real. That's when it's about to go down. But before the ladle comes out, we're usually a bit more kind of PC or a bit more reserved to just have the lovely margaritas but I'm always up for experimenting, as long as it's vegan, if someone says to me try this I'll never say no
James Acaster: Can you remember the first time you had this particular Margarita with the chilli?
Bimini Bon Boulash: probably was only a cup about a year or so ago I think I was introduced with a chilli and actually I think it's the reason I got into Margaritas, because before that I was always a gin and tonic drinker. The reason I got to Margarita is because I'm a big fan of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and they all drink margaritas on there, and they look so glam and they're always just like getting really wasted. And I remember being like, Oh they all drink margaritas, I want to start drinking margaritas, and then I got onto Margaritas is and was like, no wonder they drink Margaritas it's brilliant. And from then on, I am a margarita stan account.
Ed Gamble: Obviously, on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills they all drink margaritas and then absolutely scream horrible things at each other. Is that something that you look forward to of an evening?
Bimini Bon Boulash: We don't scream at each other. But like, even when I was filming the drag race reality show I didn't scream at anyone, but they do do that. And it's very entertaining to watch.
James Acaster: I haven't seen the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Do they have a ladle? do they drink out of a ladle?
Bimini Bon Boulash: No, they're all rich. So they don't have ladles, they have actual shot glasses. But they are missing a trick, cause the thing with the ladle, you've seen how deep a ladle can be? You don't know how big that shot is going to be? Yeah, you just neck it back and then you're either passed out, or you've got a bit more go in ya. But the ladles deceiving.
Ed Gamble: In this dream meal, would you like us to serve Heather soup with the ladle for your starter and then bring it out at the end of the meal to do shots out of?
Bimini Bon Boulash: Absolutely, but I need my housemate Ella to come out with me and she has to give me the ladle because it is her ritual to get the ladle out.
James Acaster: Great, every time someone mentions a ladle. I just always think of that episode of friends where they say See you ladle. Remember that?
Bimini Bon Boulash: I'm afraid I don't
James Acaster: Theres, an episode of friends where there's a guest character who's quite funny, I can't remember what they're called. And Phoebe says, Oh, you know, if if that person had come in and wanted a ladle, they'd say, see ya ladle. And it stuck with me forever. really stuck with me forever. Always think about it. Can't hear the word ladle without thinking. See you ladle.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, I guess that you could say that's where your comedy stems from, that joke? Yeah. Phoebe from friends,
James Acaster: Phoebe is saying what joke another person would possibly make. That is my entire comedy persona.
Ed Gamble: And now it's starting to make sense why you end all of your sets with, see you ladle everyone.
James Acaster: Yeah, see you ladle. Never gets anything. And then I walk out. Go back into the dressing room, head in my hands. Oh no, it bombed again. I can't believe it.
James Acaster: Look, I've kind of been putting off the desert a bit and trying to like bring up other subjects. Because earlier you said that sometimes you go to the pizza place and you don't have dessert. And that that made me quite trepidatious and I'm feeling quite trepidatious right now.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Oh my goodness. I never said that. No, I never said that. You twisted my words. I said I don't have the oreo pizza dessert, because I've had too much bread, but I certainly have room for dessert every time I eat.
Ed Gamble: So relieved, aren't you james?
James Acaster: Ah, let's do this then Bimini, the dream dessert.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I would say I love savoury, savoury most, but I do have a sweet tooth. There's always a bit of room for dessert.
James Acaster: Well as long as there's room I'm happy
Ed Gamble: but what I say Bimini is if you don't if you don't want to have a dessert, this dream meal you don't have to you can pick something savoury in place of the dessert,
James Acaster: Oh herer we go. Devil on your shoulder.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I'm going to go with the dessert, something sweet because we've been very heavy on the bread and the savoury and I do love savoury and but we've had a lot of really banging savoury food so I do have room for dessert. And I will say that the particular dessert that I am going to go with is - it's a toss up, drumroll please - it is either strawberry cheesecake or Sticky Toffee puddin. One of those two served with a dollop of ice cream for the strawberry cheesecake or vegan custard for the sticky toffee pudding. Warm for the sticky toffee pudding cold for the cheesecake.
James Acaster: I'm happy to go double dessert here. But I guess we should probably try and make you choose.
Ed Gamble: Let's talk about both and then me and James can decide whether we're going to make you choose one of them if you clearly are in favour of one of them more, or whether we go double dessert.
Bimini Bon Boulash: They both represent me. They both represent both sides to my personality. I've got the sweet bit of kind of pink very like sexy side or I've got the sticky toffee bit more gritty, bit more punky side. I just feel like
they both represent me. And it would be a shame to choose. But I feel like if you were to make me choose, I would have to probably say sticky toffee pudding.
Ed Gamble: Well now I was with you with the sort of, two sides of your personality. I was like I like where Bimini is going with this. This sort of sexy strawberry cheesecake side I was with you there. It's when you describe sticky toffee pudding as punk but I got a slightly lost how a sticky toffee pudding punk.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, I feel like sticky toffee pudding. I just think it just it just doesn't really it doesn't really know what it's up to. But it defies. it's sticky.
Ed Gamble: Yes,
Bimini Bon Boulash: but it's sweet as well. And it's it's it's - Is it a pudding?
Ed Gamble: Yeah,
Bimini Bon Boulash: I don't know. does it know if it's a puddin? It is a pudding. Okay, well, okay, maybe I was just I was clutching metallic straws there. But I think its punk.
Ed Gamble: I loved hearing you tie yourself up in knots there. Just going, Is it a puddin? And then everyone clearly just going? Yeah, it is a pudding. We'll know it's a pudding, Its famously one of the most famous puddings. Sticky toffee pudding.
James Acaster: It's in the name
Bimini Bon Boulash: I was like, i'm out of my depth now, I'm not gonna bullshit you. You know what you're talking about.
James Acaster: I think you get sticky toffee pudding at a school dinner don't ya? Yeah, and stuff like that. That's punk.
Ed Gamble: Is it? having dinner at school?
James Acaster: Yeah, I think any pudding that you get in a school dinner is punk,
Bimini Bon Boulash: I think so.
Ed Gamble: But I will see sticky toffee pudding more as like a very traditional sort of almost Victorian British desert that you do in like a gentlemen's club or something.
James Acaster: steampunks, if it's Victorian
Ed Gamble: and its a steamed pudding
James Acaster: Yeah. And it's steamed. So there you go.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I would say that I've been to many a gentlemen's club. And I've never eaten sticky toffee pudding.
Ed Gamble: I didn't mean necessarily that sort of gentlemen's club.
Bimini Bon Boulash: But maybe a lot more classy, well because no. I mean, I'm all for it. Like a lot of my performance styles are heavily inspired by kind of the stripper and burlesque scene. So I love a gentlemen's club. I'm all for that. I'm pro pro that. Very much so.
Ed Gamble: Oh, see, I was imagining like the sort of dark wood like traditional gentlemen's club, you'd see like old politicians in there or something.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I'm now picturing, like Hugh Hefner is kind of gentlemen's club where there's all the politicians cheating on their wives with playboy bunnies.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, and what are they eating? Sticky toffee pudding.
Bimini Bon Boulash: sticky toffee pudding. Yeah. With chilli margaritas.
James Acaster: So your entire menu menu, Bimini, is served at the Playboy Mansion now. And that's your dream restaurant meal becomes playboy mansions menu.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, I just feel like this is a full circle moment for me because, Pamela Anderson is someone who I've heavily looked to for inspiration because she's someone that has been very overtly feminine and proud of that femininity, but also uses her platform to advocate for social injustices. And she was in the Playboy Mansion. Now I'm in the Playboy Mansion doing the same thing. Me and Pamela Anderson full circle moment. Here we go brought it back to Pammy. And that is why Lewis Hamilton is at number one, because I'm not on a racetrack eating my dinner. I'm at the Playboy Mansion and a lot more fun. Pamela Anderson is the original babe. Yeah, she was a 90s bombshell love Pammy
James Acaster: In my life, the first person that other kids at school told me was sexy.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, same.
James Acaster: And was a babe, was Pamela Anderson. So for my whole life just because, you know, I was born 1985 so the age I was when the other kids in my class started talking about people being sexy and people being babes. Pamela Anderson was one that everyone was talkin about. So for the rest of my life whenever anyone mentions babes, i'll always think, original babe, Pamela Anderson.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Oh gee, babe, totally.
Ed Gamble: And because of barbed wire, the film that she was in, and the catchphrase of that film was "Don't call me babe".
Bimini Bon Boulash: don't don't call me babe.
Ed Gamble: So if anything, you should stop now because she did ask you to stop calling her babe in that film.
James Acaster: Uh oh. Oh no, oh no.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Also, I think for me, similar experience, but maybe different is that I knew I was gay. Because I wanted to be Pamela Anderson. I didn't fancy Pamela Anderson. So I remember thinking, Okay, well, these
feelings are maybe not normal. And then I grew up and became a drag artist and used Pamela has a lot of sources of inspiration. So there we go full circle again.
James Acaster: I think that would have been more fun than my experience. My experience was just just all the other kids telling me the Pamela Anderson was a babe and was sexy and then I just agreed with them all because I didn't really know what was going on. That was it.
Ed Gamble: And when they released that - do you remember they released the virgin cola Pammy bottles that were supposed to be in the shape of Pamela Anderson. And I went out and bought one of those and I thought the bottle was sexy. And that's how I realised I was straight and disgusting.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I love that. But I mean, I wonder if that would I wonder if that would fly today?
Ed Gamble: I'm not sure it would.
Bimini Bon Boulash: I feel like the bottles would not be modelled after curvaceous women anymore.
James Acaster: No, it's absolutely mad. And then you bought one as well, you little perve.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, me and my friend went to the petrol station to buy one because we'd heard they were releasing bottles in the shape of Pamela Anderson. I think we were hoping for like actual tits on the bottle rather than just the shape of it, but absolutely disgusting little boys.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Well, I think the fact that you fancied a bottle is quite the um - maybe it links, maybe Freud would go crazy over this.
James Acaster: Yes. You said that's how you knew you were straight. But that's let's be very clear. You fancied a bottle.
Bimini Bon Boulash: That's just admitted the theory that sexuality is fluid.
James Acaster: Yes. Oh, I love it. Absolutely. Probably the best joke that's ever been done on the podcast.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, absolutely phenomenal. Truly.
James Acaster: I'm gonna read you your order back now Bimini. You tell me how you feel about it. Water, sparkling with ice and lime, and your own metallic straw.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Gorgeous
James Acaster: Amuse-bouche, we're giving you that spiced carrot from Margate as the amuse bouche.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Oh, yes.
James Acaster: Popadoms or Bread. White crusty roll, warm, with Sainsbury's salted vegan butter and a little bite of the uncooked dough.
James Acaster: Oh yeah
James Acaster: Starter; Heather soup, Leek and potato soup, cooked by your Mum.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Heather soup, my mum's gonna be very proud of that. Her one dish.
James Acaster: Main. Parmigiana party pizza from Perezza.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Go on. Yes
James Acaster: Side dish. Cajun salted fries with vegan garlic mayo and sriracha dip as well. Drink. Chilli salted frozen Margarita, and dessert we landed on the punk rock of desserts, sticky toffee pudding with a hot custard.
Ed Gamble: Amazing.
Bimini Bon Boulash: There we go. That sounds like a bang up meal. If I don't say so myself.
Ed Gamble: It does sound good. And then just at the end, we can see your friend Ella storming into the restaurant. Sorry, the Playboy Mansion holding a ladle above her head.
Bimini Bon Boulash: She has to come at me with aggression and I also don't know how much tequila is going to be in that ladle.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much Bimini for coming to the dream restaurant.
Bimini Bon Boulash: Thank you for having me. That's been lovely.
Ed Gamble: There we go. James the off menu menu of Bimini Bon Boulash.
James Acaster: Delicious, beautifully described dishes. Great recommendations of places to go to. A laugh, what more could you ask for from episode of off menu? Very little. Oh, maybe a professional intro?
Ed Gamble: Come on mate why are you still on that?
James Acaster: Because I know we're about to do an outro and I just wanted us to have that in mind and up our game.
Ed Gamble: No, because you've already made it not professional because you've just you've just pulled me up again. If we were being professional, we'd have just got on with it.
James Acaster: didn't mention Gimini Gon Goulash.
Ed Gamble: Bimini Bon Boulash lash did not mention Gimini Gon Goulash, which was lucky because we were very much enjoying her company. Yes, pre ordered Emily's book, A Drag Queen's Guide to Life, and look out for new music coming from Bimini very very soon.
James Acaster: Can't wait. Can't wait to hear the new tunes. Thank you so much for coming in the dream restaurant. Also we need to say thank you to some people who have sent us food lately, Ed.
Ed Gamble: 1:Yes, I mean since Episode 100 it's been a veritable onslaught of delicious foods, James
James Acaster: It has, because Episode 100 was us doing our dream meals. And the people who we mentioned a mighty generous folks,
Ed Gamble: Simon Rogen. And that the lads.
James Acaster: Simon a Rogan and the lads Brigade, sent us some berkswell put in which is my dream side dish. And let me tell you, when you get sent your dream side dish to make at home, you get a bit worried. You think I've said this was my dream side? I've gone on the podcast.
Ed Gamble: On record
James Acaster: On record, I've said it maybe it will turn out it's not my dream side and I'll leave it and go oh actually, I don't like this as much. Oh man. I've been in heaven Ed,
Ed Gamble: Oh man. Me too.
James Acaster: Just absolutely delicious. I was saying to you, I had my first hang over the year the other day. I didn't drink for the first three months of the year, April. tiptoeing back into drinking again, having a nice time. First proper getting drunk at the end of April. And that hangover, I ate six berkswell puddings and I was like hangovers great actually. I've really wasted the first three months of this year.
Ed Gamble: Well, I wasn't hungover and I ate four, so God knows what's going to happen if I have a hangover. It's gonna be absolutely awful. The Berkswell pudding are just the most, some of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. Oh, so thanks to Simon Rogen and Tom Barnes and Ollie Marlo, all at Simon Rogen At Home. Thank you.
James Acaster: Ed got sent a wheel of the cheese.
Ed Gamble: The Berkswell lads sent me a wheel of the cheese, James. And I'm talking a huge wheel. Not like you could put on a carm but you could put it on a child's trike, the front wheel of a child's trike
James Acaster: 1:if you wanted that child to grow up to be a horrible cheese and biscuits loving freak.
Ed Gamble: Well thank you to the Berkswell, we don't think you're freaks actually, we think you're great. So thanks for sending that, which means I'm always gonna have cheese to go on my berkswell puddings Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum. Also, James I don't know if you remember, one of my dream dishes was the Berber and Q cauliflower. The whole roast cauliflower with tahini and rose petals and pine nuts and all sorts of things like that. And they sent me one. They sent me one they do a meal kit of it. And it comes with hummus as well, and pitas and I had an absolute party by myself
James Acaster: Ed's favourite kind of party, self party. Yeah, not a parmigiana party. An Ed self party. Also, I shouted out some poppadoms from Namaste Katmandu and they're given me free food for life. A wonderful curry house in Edinburgh.
Ed Gamble: And in some other news. James is moving to Edinburgh.
James Acaster: I'm going to be moving to Edinburgh very quickly and never buying food again.
Ed Gamble: I can't wait. Thank you to the good people at Fallow who sent us some amazing burger kits, including these things called corn ribs, where you chop up corn on the cob and deep fry it and then put this incredible kombu seasoning on the top. Let me tell you they said extra kombu seasoning. James has made corn ribs four times by himself since then,
James Acaster: yeah, I keep on buying corn on the cobs cut them into quarters Making corn ribs at home. I love it. And big squeeze of lime on every single corn rib. Bimini would love it in the evening.
Ed Gamble: And Alls Well sent us their gin and bacon meal kit, which was fantastic. There was this pork collar in there. There's slow cooked pork collar and bacon jam that was just so good.
James Acaster: And of course, I loved the gin and tonic dessert.
Ed Gamble: The gin and tonic cheesecake, but thank you very much for all that delicious food. I have genuinely never eaten so much.
James Acaster: 1:Yeah, Dee licious. Thank you so much. And Ed, may I say, after all that food I ate. I was bready, cheady and ready for beddy. Have I used that right?
Ed Gamble: we should also say that Bimini was a bit annoyed at the end because she was gonna say see you ladle. She'd been planning it for like the whole time since James said See you ladle. And then Benito ended the recording so
James Acaster: yep, from inside his little cupboard locked in there. Little vegetarian cupboard, eating his yogurt. And he just stopped it short, he managed to get his revenge somehow little spiteful vegetarian, not liking vegans, stopped it really early. But Bimini would have said See you ladle. And it would have been the perfect end to the episode.
Ed Gamble: It would have been the perfect end to the episode, so sorry, Bimini and sorry listeners. Anyway, bye.
James Acaster: Bye.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the off menu podcast, opening the yoghurt of chat and licking the lid of humour I'm Ed Gamble and over there is James Acaster,
James Acaster: Right here's a thing Ed, you normally take a while to think of those ones. And just then Benito said right, let's go and you said that straight away. Yet, was that off the top of your head, or had you come into this recording session prepared?
Ed Gamble: I thought about it just before we started recording. I was like, great, because obviously there's the old structure of, there's some humour involved. There's some chat involved. It's a sort of metaphor, but realised we've not done yoghurts yet. And I love a yoghurt.
James Acaster: Well done, man. We've already got some merch out but we should get some new merch and put that on a T shirt that says, licking the lid of humour.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, we should. And then yes, like a cartoon of the great Benito licking a yoghurt lid.
James Acaster: Yeah, absolutely. That will be the main thing. Him licking it and giving a little thumbs up because he loves it so much.
Ed Gamble: This is a food podcast James
James Acaster: It's a food podcast, and we ask the guests their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert and side dish and drink. And this week's special guests is Martin Freeman
Ed Gamble: Martin Freeman. I mean it's Martin Freeman. What else is there to say he's got such a huge and brilliant and varied CV, James. Some of our favourite things.
James Acaster: Yeah, crazy man. The Office, Fargo, Sherlock, The Hobbit, Black Panther.
Ed Gamble: Start Up never got the shout outs it deseverd.
James Acaster: Yeah, this is exciting. We're gonna ask him about food. But also, I plan to ask him about everything he's ever done.
Ed Gamble: Are you gonna nerd out as well?
James Acaster: I'm gonna nerd out. I don't care about it. Even though, if he says the secret ingredient, I'll have to put the nerdin on hold and kick him out of the dream restaurant and I'm not happy about that.
Ed Gamble: I really hope he doesn't, because the secret ingredient this week is Bombay mix
James Acaster: Bombay mix.
Ed Gamble: I hate it, never liked it. I remember the first time I had Bombay mix when I was a little boy and we were going to pick up a takeaway curry from a restaurant. And there was a big glass bowl of Bombay mix. And I think my mom said that's a snack. You can have a bit of that and I put some in my mouth and I was like this is unacceptable. What is this?
James Acaster: My eight year old nephew has massively got into Bombay mix during lockdown.
Ed Gamble: Of course he has, because he's a member of the Acaster family, so he's an absolute weirdo.
James Acaster: He was telling me over zoom how much he loves Bombay mix the other day, and he didn't know where I was finding it so funny. Obviously, it's because he's just telling me something that he likes. I love Bombay mix, I could eat a whole bag. He would say stuff like that I was really laughing. Also Ed, I mean, in real time again, I've just got another message on my phone. This is from my sister, saying Mr. Gamble is a ridiculous boy. Of course he could blow those seeds off of his plate because I think she's listening to the Jess Fostekew episode where you claim that you wouldn't be able to blow hemp seeds off of your plate.
Ed Gamble: Someone's also just sent me a video of them blowing some seeds. So I imagine thats -
James Acaster: You might get a lot of kickback
Ed Gamble: that's the thing sometimes we record the episode so far in advance that I've forgotten what we've talked about. And then suddenly we'll get a volley of messages saying like, you can blow seeds off a plate Why did I claim I can't blow seeds off a plate? They must think i'm mad.
James Acaster: You were very adamant that the time, I remember, I mentioned seeds and you were adamant you wouldn't be able to blow them off the plate.
Ed Gamble: Anyway enough seed chat.
James Acaster: Yes,
Ed Gamble: If Martin Freeman says Bombay mix, we're kicking him out the restaurant and you know, when I was growing up watching The Office at university I think I always knew that I'd say that phrase.
James Acaster: Yes. Always destined to say that
Ed Gamble: Martin is in the second series of Breeders, a brilliant comedy show and Season Two of breeders will land as a box set on Sky and be available to watch on SkyOone and Now TV from the 27th of May so go get that, watch it.
James Acaster: lovely stuff, but in the meantime, let's hear his menu and pray doesn't say Bombay mix. Here is the dream - oh god I don't know how to do this bit.
Ed Gamble: Why are you trying to do it again, it's my bit that I do and you do it and you always mess it up, this is -
James Acaster: the yoghurt of humour.
Ed Gamble: This is the off menu menu of Martin Freeman.
Ed Gamble: Martin Freeman Welcome to the dream restaurant.
Martin Freeman: Thank you very much, lovely to be here.
James Acaster: Martin Freeman. Welcome to the dream restaurant. We've been expecting you for some time.
Martin Freeman: I'm not that late, am I?
Ed Gamble: No not at all, you're actually our promptest guest on one of these. We arranged to start at 11am and we started Martin Freeman Oh good. Well I suppose you have a lot of comedians on, so that's probably why. I'm an actor we value timekeeping.
James Acaster: Yeah, it's that, instantly shots fired. Actors are better than comedians. You putting that out there?
Martin Freeman: At some things, and not others. But yes, yes. Yeah, I would say some things. personal hygiene, discipline, timekeeping, without question acting, with some exceptions. There are some very good actors who are comedians. But, I mean generally, like, you know, in the way that I just wouldn't assume I can be really good at football, just because I've watched it. I think sometimes people think acting is easy in the same way that I would, for a moment, think that getting up on a stage with a microphone is easy, not for one single second. And over the years, well in the early years, people thought I was a comedian. And then people said, Well, do you want to stand up? No, because that's not a skill that I want to acquire. Because it's, I know, it's hard. I like I know, it's really hard. It's, it's about a lot more than just being occasionally funny with the mates. And acting is, if you do it, right, it's it looks deceptively easy. And it ain't.
James Acaster: Yeah, cuz of being a comic, sometimes we get auditions. And you know, I've watched loads of TV. I've seen people act.
Martin Freeman: You've seen people act, yeah.
James Acaster: And I've watched it and gone. And you watch it, don't ya? And you go, that was some good acting. Yeah, see what I did there. So I asume I pretty much understand it now. And then I get an audition, and I sit down in it, And I feel like, I'd say, an idiot when I try and do the acting. It's really really difficult. I
feel very self conscious. And I find it hard. Completely just not be aware that I'm sitting in a room in front of some people pretending to be somebody else.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, I think that's very true. I think, yeah, it's really true. I think getting rid of the self consciousness is, is one of the most massive parts of it, I think. And also, you know, if your job is a stand up, and you know I think there are various levels of show offs, aren't there, you know, and I definitely have a spectrum of show off, otherwise, I wouldn't be in a job that was like, shut up everyone and listen to me, do this. Stand up is the apex of it, you know, with all due respect, and I know and love a lot of stand ups.
Ed Gamble: No, you're correct. You're correct.
Martin Freeman: But it is there's no getting around it is it. Shut up, everyone while I make you laugh. It's not your job to sort of disappear, do you know what I mean? It's your job to appear very big and broadly, you know, and God bless you for it.
James Acaster: Out of all the actors you've ever worked with? Who has lost themselves the most?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, follow up question, Who's the tallest?
Martin Freeman: Well Steve Merchant
James Acaster: Who's the tallest? Stephen Merchant. next question.
Martin Freeman: And he and he is the same. And he lost himself in the Og monster in the office, quite deeply. Who's lost themselves? I don't know. It's a funny one, you know, because I think when you're younger, or in my case, when I was younger, and I think it's quite common to feel that completely losing yourself is kind of the goal, and something to try and attain, because it feels grown up and it feels proper. And then the older I've got, the more I - I dunno - the more I don't really look to that. Anyway, to be honest, it's quite a pain in the arse when someone really loses themselves. I mean, it is a massive pain in the arse, because it's not, it's no longer than a craft and a job. And it's a job and it overlaps with art and overlaps, you know, and I'm very happy to be called an artist by some people, or even if some people want to consider me an artist, I'll very happily take that. But you know, within this time, and this time of the day, you've got to get shit done. And if someone's busy losing themselves, depends to what extent. It's just a pain in the arse. And I think it's a highly impractical way of working, which is why I think it belongs more to the student stroke academic side than the practicability side. Because most certainly British
actors, you know, and there are there are cultural differences between actors, I guess, but most British actors I've ever worked with, sort of just want to get on with it and get it done. Dya know what I mean? And I don't mean get it done cos we don't love it. We've fuckin love it. But there's a real pleasure in getting it done as opposed to, you know, only call me by my character name for five weeks and never talk to me outside of - you know - never have coffee with me, never do anything. We didn't become actors, because it was the only thing left at the job centre. Dya know what I mean? We became actors because it's fucking really enjoyable. And it's really fulfilling and it can be fun and it can be funny, and that's not fun for me, man. That is 100% penance, and that's not to say sometimes you don't take it. Sometimes you have to go to a place without question. That's very true.
Ed Gamble: Have you seen the Jim Carrey documentary about him making man on the moon?
Martin Freeman: Oh, yeah.
Ed Gamble: All I can think when I was watching that is just imagine being anyone else working on that film. Just like fucking hell he's coming in again.
Martin Freeman: You can see their faces as well Ed, you know, you know when it comes on the makeup bus, and there's proper grown up actors just going, oh for christ. You know, like, he's not only doing this he's brought a fucking camera with him, you know? And music. For me and I'm sure, genuinely sure Jim Carrey is a lovely and smart person, but it was the most self aggrandizing selfish, fucking narcissistic, bollocks I've ever seen. And the idea that anything in our culture would celebrate that or support it is deranged. I mean, literally deranged? You know, I am a very lapsed Catholic but the idea is like, if you believe in transubstantiation, right then then you're going somewhere along the line of, I lost my - I became the character, no you didn't. You're not supposed to become the fucking character. Because you're supposed to be open to stuff that happens in real life, you know, because somehow at some point, someone's gonna say cut. And it's no good going, what does cut mean? Because I'm Napoleon. It's like, shut up man. You know, you need to keep grounded, I think, in reality and that's not to say that you don't lose yourself for the time between action and cut, but I think the rest of it is absolute pretentious, nonsense. And I think it's highly amateurish. It's essentially an amateurish notion. Because it's not perfected, you know what I mean? Like, it's not, for me, it's not a professional attitude, you know, get the job done, man, fucking do your work, you know.
James Acaster: he should have got fired.
Martin Freeman: He totally should have got fired, can you imagine if he had been anybody else under the line? I mean, he would have been sectioned, let alone fired. He would have he would have been got rid of, you know.
Ed Gamble: if it was one of the cameramen sort of getting into the character of a really famous camera man. Yeh, he always filled with his trousers and pants off, so can you just leave me to my process please?
Martin Freeman: Yeah, so no, I think it is that yes. But it's partly that. It's a ridiculous leeway that is given to some people and of course, you know, I'm, I'm one of them, you know, like, we all get cushy gigs. And we all, you know, to a certain degree or or another, we're all very fortunate in that we get a little pass in some situations where other people wouldn't - I understand that. But Christ, I mean, that there's such a thing as pushing it. I just think when you are challenging, and that's what that Jim Carrey thing looks like to me. At the very, very end, I can't remember what he does. He does or says something that is sort of pertaining to his Christ-like self grandure. And he does or says something that makes me think at the very last segment, is all this a windup? Is this is a joke? Because he was clearly a very funny person he knows absolutely where funny is all the time, but you sort of think, oh God has he lost himself in this delusion of thinking is a guru or a faqir? And coz a fair few people do, you know, a fair few people do once you get to the top of the mountain, and you know, what you're going to do then? You know, because what else gives your life meaning? Because essentially, you could argue what we do is - Yes, it's not curing diseases or whatever, but I still think it's has a nobility to it. And it's reasonably important, but if it's not, then you got to go with it, you know? Jim, you should have paid more attention at school if you wanted to do something more important, you know, I hope he was joking.
Martin Freeman: Yeah. We all hope he was joking. Although, just keeping everything that we've said in mind. Welcome to the podcast where one of us pretends to be a genie for the whole thing. So...
Ed Gamble: James does lose himself in the genie role.
Martin Freeman: Yeah. Yeah, that's your saving grace, I think. As long as you don't go too far in to the genie role, then I will still have respect for you. If you really start thinking you're a genie for this hour. I'm gonna think, nah, I didn't, I didn't like that.
Ed Gamble: You just see him slowly pushing a sort of pot of blue pain out of the way going, no no don't worry, i'll be absolutely fine. You're our second star of Breeders on the podcast. We've interviewed Michael McKean early last year.
Martin Freeman: Yes, he's lovely, int he?
Ed Gamble: He is a lovely man. And he very much enjoyed the experience of working on Breeders, I believe.
Martin Freeman: Well good.
Ed Gamble: How did you find the experience of working with Michael McKean, bearing in mind, he's not going to be on the podcast again, so slag him off all you like.
Martin Freeman: Well, obviously, as I'm sure you both were, I was delighted. Everyone was delighted and very excited. Everything I've seen him do ever has been brilliant. But obviously I go back to being. The first time I saw Spinal Tap it was I was 15. I was watching it with some of my siblings in Brighton in one of their flats and I sort of couldn't believe it, couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe how much I loved it. And I couldn't believe how much it was making me laugh. You know, it's one of those sort of five or six things in my youth, that made me laugh so much. I thought I was going to die, you know. So I will always have a massive affection for Michael McKean for that; for that alone. And everything I've seen him do since he's, he's an extremely good actor. He's not someone who's winking at the audience. I don't think he can hear the applause in his own head. As he's giving you this devastating zinger or whatever. He is always in the scene, He's in that character and he wants to serve the scene, and I love him for that. But he also has amazing comedy chops, and we were all really, really excited to have him on you know, and he couldn't have been lovelier. Was he nice on this? Or was he a terrible bastard?
Ed Gamble: Oh no, he was horrible, absolutely awful, awful man. He saved up so much bile for us. Yes.
James Acaster: It was upsetting Martin.
Martin Freeman: I bet. Yeah, it's the Wosley family, more adventures of what it is to be a parent and sort of that in between stage when you're in your 40s of like, you know, if your your folks are still alive and and you're bringing up kids as well, and all the sort of family machinations. And I think we go a bit deeper into it this year, I think it's, you know, there were bits last year that were hopefully funny, I hope it's funny, but there are bits that are, you know, decidedly not funny and not trying to be funny and there's the same sort of balance about this year, I think we want to be unafraid to have some really funny bits and then have some bits that make you go, Jesus Christ, that was upsetting or that was frightening or whatever, you know. Not frightening in a horror way. We haven't gone down that genre, we're not doing Saw.
Ed Gamble: That would be a real left turn, wouldn't it? If you just suddenly threw in a Saw themed episode.
Martin Freeman: We're saving in that for if we do get a third one, that's what we're saving it for. Yes, it's more of you know, if you liked the first Breeders, there's more of that sort of thing. I think this time better. And if you didn't like the first Breeders, you don't have to watch it. It's fine.
Ed Gamble: What a plug.
James Acaster: If they didn't like it, this, this one's even better.
Martin Freeman: That's what I meant to say.
James Acaster: Yeah, come back and give it another shot.
Martin Freeman: That's what, exactly.
Ed Gamble: if you don't like something, do you want to see a better version of it? Because if you don't like it, if you're just improving all the elements of something that someone doesn't like, you don't want to see it, do ya?
Martin Freeman: I don't think you do. I don't think so. I think if I watched something that I didn't like, I'd resent it if I thought they'd got better.
Ed Gamble: It's a real thing, isn't it? When they're like, okay, right, you're gonna hate the first three seasons of this, but when you get to season four it's going to blow your fucking mind.
Martin Freeman: Yes, that's true.
James Acaster: Here's the question.
Martin Freeman: Yes.
James Acaster: When it comes to that kind of stuff. You were in the first season of Fargo and it was brilliant.
Martin Freeman: Thank you.
James Acaster: Your voice was amazing in that, by the way.
Martin Freeman: Thank you. Thanks.
James Acaster: That was insane. Like, I'll get onto my actual question. But like, I'm obsessed with that show and I love it. And one of the main things that you think every time there's a new actor in it is, let's see how they pull off this voice. Let's see how they do it. I honestly, I think yours is still the best one in it. Yeah. we're three season in and here's what happened, every five seconds, watching you in that, I went, that's a really good voice, out loud I would say it. With whoever I was watching it with. Yeah. I couldn't believe how good it was.
Martin Freeman: Did you say it that high?
James Acaster: Yeah, it got higher each time I said it, because I couldn't believe it. You kept not believing it?
Ed Gamble: Is that then technically a bad performance from Martin, because he kept pulling you out of the performance by being too good.
Martin Freeman: Maybe so. So I'm a victim of my own genius.
James Acaster: Pay a compliment, but ended up slagging you off.
Martin Freeman: I'll take that compliment. Thank you. A friend of mine saw it and he's in music. And he saw it and he, you know, we're very fond of each other and he's a big supporter of mine and all that. But he saw it and thought, Oh dear, Martin's American accent is pretty terrible. And it was only when it had to explain to him that it was a specific, sort of regional accent. I think he thought I was doing a sort of - I don't know what he thought I was doing. But I can see what he means if he thought I should just sound like an American newsreader, or whatever. Or an anchorman. Yeah, that's a pretty funky one, because it is quite a funky accent. There's bits of Scandinavian bits of Irish bits of all sorts.
Ed Gamble: But then there's like everyone else is doing it as well. So did he think your accent was so bad that the director had pulled them all to one side and said, just copy Martin for a little bit.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, don't make the Englishman feel left out. I don't know what he thought. You know, he's quite easily distracted is this man. But yeah, he had it explained to him. And now of course, he knows I'm amazing. You know? Yeah. Like James does. Yeah.
James Acaster: Like I do. I assume his voice gets higher by the day goes up an octave each time.
Martin Freeman: It does. Well sometimes he gets lower, the more impressed he is, he sound so that by the end of Episode Six, he was like Barry White.
James Acaster: Yeah. Here's my question, though, about that. We talkin about the seasons and stuff like that. And sometimes seasons are getting better, with Fargo they're contained stories each season, different cast each time, as somebody was in the first one, do you watch each season go, I really hope it's not as good as my one. I hope they mess it up this time.
Martin Freeman: No, I don't genuinely, because I like the people in it. But I mean, of course, it's nice to think that whatever you do yourself, whatever we're doing has a special place in people's hearts. But genuinely No, because Noah Hawley, who's a sort of writer extraordinaire behind it, and a show runner. No, he's a good guy. And he's a smart guy, so I want success for the show. That's my story. And I'm sticking to it.
James Acaster: If you watch it and listen to the accent
Martin Freeman: Yes James, I do. Yes, I do and go. No, that is at least 100 miles to south.
James Acaster: Yeah, good stuff. We should talk about food really, shouldn't we?
Ed Gamble: I'll be honest, Martin, I don't want to excite anyone. But this is the closest to a natural interview we've ever done. Yes. Normally, by this point, we are screaming at people about their water choices. But we've asked you some genuine questions there. And I think we've actually done really well.
Martin Freeman: Do you think it's because we've never met? Maybe, because we've never met, so we're sort of being formal? Yeah. Because we're sort of strangers to each other, personally, so we're probably being formal and polite.
James Acaster: Well, I don't know. There's a lot of people that we've interviewed on this podcast that we've met for the first time and we have not been polite to them. And we have just asked them about food and given the shit for what what they said they want to eat. I mean, it just, I mean, I guess you just been in some good stuff, man. And we can't help but ask about it.
Martin Freeman: Thank you. I'll take the respect. I mean, maybe it's better if you start insulting me because then I'll feel like, ah, they really like me these guys. These boys really take to me because they're cussing me out.
Ed Gamble: gloves off
Martin Freeman: I though you said clothes off.
Ed Gamble: Clothes off, let's do this. Let's do this off menu style.
James Acaster: Still or sparkling water?
Martin Freeman: If it's a choice of those, then I'm going to go sparkling. Normally, I'm a tap person, because I sort of do resent paying for still water. I think it's I think it's silly. You know the way people did in 1989, if you could remember that. But paying for water, what a lot of rubbish. And that sort of feel that a bit now, except if I'm going sparkling I'm prepared to pay for that because the bubbles give you oxygen and wake you up. But there is there is something in that you have a fizzy drink with no sugar. I think it's quite good.
Ed Gamble: So the bubbles that you think are giving you oxygen, as in like they're giving you extra oxygen. You're getting more than you get when you breathe.
Martin Freeman: Fairplay. I've not completely thought this through, I've not studied it. But I am pretty sure it gives you extra oxygen. Yeah, if I'm -
James Acaster: extra?
Ed Gamble: So do you think if you took a big mouthful of sparkling water and left it in your mouth, could you then go underwater for five minutes?
Martin Freeman: I dunno, ask David Blaine. I don't know this shit.
James Acaster: Very concerning, Martin, you said you we're homeschooling your children, what have you been?
Martin Freeman: I just think is there not some truth, you university twats, in the idea that it's oxygenated right? Gives you a little pep.
James Acaster: Is it oxygenated?
Ed Gamble: I thought it was carbon dioxide.
Martin Freeman: Okay, yeah, you could be right. Carbonated so what does that do?
Ed Gamble: It gives you less oxygen.
James Acaster: Opposite, poisons you,
Ed Gamble: Poisons you.
Martin Freeman: Lass oxygen. I see. Right. Well, it's definitely still for me. No, sparkling, fuck it. I'm going to live on the edge. I'm gonna say sparkling because it is like a little treat.
Ed Gamble: What we can do for you, Martin, because this is the dream restaurant. We can get you sparkling water and then we can get you an oxygen tank as well to take little gulps out of every time you have a sip.
James Acaster: Would you like that?
Martin Freeman: I would now, now I've heard of it. Yeah,
Ed Gamble: Like meatloaf, when he does a gig. You can have an oxygen tank just off to one side.
Martin Freeman: Is that what he really does?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, he's big lad. And he really goes for it still
Martin Freeman: smaller than he used to be. Yeah,
Ed Gamble: yeah. But when I think when he was at proper big meatloaf size, had a little towel for the sweat and an oxygen tank off at the side of stage. No sparkling water.
Martin Freeman: No, I bet none. I bet none was knocking about 1979 for the loaf. Yeah, all right, sparkling in an oxygen tank. Thanks.
James Acaster: When you were filming The Office did big Keith have to go off and have an oxygen tank?
Martin Freeman: No, he didn't. He didn't.
Ed Gamble: what a question
James Acaster: Just a question.
Martin Freeman: No, we'd hang out in our little grief hole, that was sort of acting as a green room that was adjacent to the set. And because it wasn't, you know, it's not a real set. It was just a group of boxes. We had to be really, really quiet and talk, you know, very, very hushed-ly, or Asher Tanner or Steve Merchant would come and say, can you keep it down? And that's, you know. So you never really got any time off on The Office. It wasn't like, you got scene off, go to the green room, you just had to go off and sort of whisper and that included big Keith, Ewan Macintosh, hello Ewan.
Ed Gamble: thinks there's oxygen in a scotch egg?
James Acaster: How many times did you have to have to film that? That's a famous blooper, isn't it? The amount of times you laughed in that?
Martin Freeman: Yeah, that was a lot. I don't know. It wasn't a crazy amount. That was probably like eight, whereas there were some, and it's only it's on YouTube, because it was on the DVD extras. There's a scene between Gervais and myself, that was just that, that was ridiculous. It was absolutely again, where if he hadn't been the star of the show we definitely would have got fired. It was 75 takes or something. It was absolutely stupid. Because he just couldn't leave it alone. You know, he sees different ways to make you laugh, and ruin the scene, and keep you there for longer, he'll do it. So yeah, that was the worst one ever. But The Office was full of occasions where you would just be trying to try not to laugh, so every scene that's in The Office, every scene that made it to TV was just the triumph of people managing not to corpse, that was what it was. It wasn't even especially good acting, It was just like, right did we get it? Good.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, just one good one and that'll do
Martin Freeman: One good 158 ruined ones.
James Acaster: Popadoms or Bread? Popadoms or Bread, Martin Freeman? Popadoms or Bread?
Martin Freeman: Well what sort of, this is any sort of restaurant isn't it? It's whatever it's a whatever restaurants. It's not themed.
Ed Gamble: it's whatever restaurant you can dream up. Yeah,
Martin Freeman: Bread. I mean, I like poppadoms. But I suppose that would set my brain thinking a certain way. And I don't think I'm going to order that way today. So bread. Theres loads of ways to do bread. And now of course, you're going to tell me there's loads of ways to do poppadoms, Martin. Ignorant. But as far as I'm aware, there's loads of ways to do bread and I like bread and butter. I went during the last time that we could actually go out, I took my family out to a restaurant in London and just had, sometimes when bread and butter is the best thing, you don't need anything else, you don't need the rest of the meal and you just think I'll just have another piece. It was that good. With a nice butter, lovely bit of bread, I just think, fuckin hell, why are we bothering doing anything else?
Ed Gamble: So did you leave after the bread and butter
Martin Freeman: we did Ed, yeah. We did. And they were dissapointed.
Ed Gamble: I'd love that. I'd love that story. Somebody working in a restaurant going, you know Martin Freeman. Right? He came in with his family, sat down he had the bread and butter and then they all fucked off.
Martin Freeman: Sodded off, he sodded off. No, we didn't. No, I foolishly kept going. And I kept saying to my kids, can you stop that? Because it's just going to ruin your your meal. So can we not have any more. Can I have some more bread, please? I was breaking my own rules as I was making them. And of course Yeah, by the end of the main course stuffed, but I'm still gonna go with bread and I'm going to ask one of you to, you have permission to say, Freeman, go easy on the bread.
Ed Gamble: At what point? Is there a telltale sign in your eyes?
Martin Freeman: No, after two little, like, that sized slice of bread and butter. You may say to me, should we take that away? And I'll go Thank you very much. I'll thank you for it. Otherwise it just ruins the meal.
James Acaster: Would you like bread and butter from that specific place? You were just talking about?
Martin Freeman: Yeah, I would To be honest, because I think actually that it was the best. You know, it's a poncey West End London restaurant, but it's, well actually not poncey, It's just a very nice restaurant. And the quality of butter is just the right amount of saltedness, Oh man, so gorgeous. It's like a meal in itself. You know, sometimes when you have like tomato soup and just bread and butter dipped in it, and yeah, it doesn't get much better than that.
James Acaster: I love seeing the the marbled effect of the butter on top of the tomato soup.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, Agreed.
James Acaster: Whoa mumma
Martin Freeman: Agreed. Yeah. The little sort of grease bubbles. Yeah,
Ed Gamble: I prefer James's description of the marbled effect, rather than grease bubbles.
James Acaster: Yes, I like the grease bubbles. They're full of oxygen.
Martin Freeman: I've got this wrong, haven't I? I'm gonna have to rethink my whole oxygen theory.
Ed Gamble: Have you based your whole menu on oxygen?
Martin Freeman: Basically yeah. Because I'm assuming, I thought this restaurant was in space. And so I just assumed that I was gonna need as much oxygen as possible.
Ed Gamble: Do you remember the name of the restaurant where you had the lovely bread Martin?
Martin Freeman: Yes, it was The Wolseley.
Ed Gamble: very nice.
Martin Freeman: which is next to the Ritz. And it's a really lovely place. Nice to go there. And the food's great. And I said, it's poncey, It's not pretentious. It's kind of, it's a bit zhuzhy of course. The kind of place where it justifies making an effort, you know, so that's another nice thing. I like not slobbing about, you know, I like people making an effort, because I think it's good for one's own sense of pride, and self esteem, you know, to not just wadge about in trackies all the time. I mean, I don't mind trackies. But you know, this, come on man, let's step it up. You know, if we're going to go out for a meal, let's pretend we've got dressed, you know.
Ed Gamble: if you're gonna go out, pop to The Wolseley and just to hammer down a loaf of bread, you've gotta pop some trousers on, don't you.
Martin Freeman: You may as well dress like a baker. Yeah, it's nice. Yeah. I mean, I like I like having a bit of an effort.
Ed Gamble: do you dress the whole family up in the same sort of outfit?
Martin Freeman: No. Well, it was it was butcher, Baker, candlestick maker. And my daughter got the candlestick maker and she wasn't happy because she was covered in wax. My son was covered in blood, and I was covered in flour. But I encouraged them to sort of do whatever their version of making an effort is, you
know, so if that just means a really crisp clean tracksuit for my son, then that's fine. It doesn't all have to be the same, but make an effort. You know, I sort of feel that about a lot of things.
James Acaster: You said it was next the Ritz this place. Is there a turf wars between the two?
Martin Freeman: There is because the postcode changes in the road down the middle and it does get, oooooooh, l it does get pretty tasty. Yeah, it does. Yeah. It's like who's the poshest?
James Acaster: Yeah. I would imagine one of your co-stars, Cumberbatch. I bet he's a Ritz boy and you're a Wolseley lad. That's what I would imagine.
Martin Freeman: I don't know. I imagine Ben would definitely, I can see Ben at the The Wolseley. I'm not sure if I've ever been to the Ritz, except I did an interview in the Ritz early on in my career, like tea at the red sort of thing. But I don't think, I don't think I've ever actually eaten at the Ritz and nothing against it. I want to at some point, I'm want to have tea at the Ritz, but I can see Ben at The Wolseley. Yeah. Because, to be honest, I think it's a fairly wide range of people at The Wolseley, theres everyone there from agents to actors. Bases are covered. I mean, all the basic social groups. I can see him there. Yeah.
James Acaster: He'd get jumped. He'd walked in and they'd go, it's a Ritz boy, and they'd all chase him out.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but he can escape easily, right. He can wriggle out of any situation
Martin Freeman: and Ben can fit in. He's a chameleon. He can play both sides. Yeah.
James Acaster: I can't think of him as Ben.
Martin Freeman: What, do you have to think of him as a Benedict?
James Acaster: Yeah, it's Benedict Cumberbatch,
Martin Freeman: Or just Mr. Cumberbatch.
Ed Gamble: He books The Wolseley, but as Ben is back to Benedict as soon as he walks through the doors of the Ritz,
Martin Freeman: I book The Wolseley as Ben Cumberbatch. I get a better table when I pretend to be him.
James Acaster: If I imagine a Ben I imagined like, you know, a little scrappy kid with a catapult or an old man old kind man, old Ben. Yes, old Ben.
Martin Freeman: So you've got Ben Kenobi. Ben Kenobi is your old wise man.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, Uncle Ben. Uncle, uncle,
Martin Freeman: Uncle Ben. He's an old wise man. Yeah, who's a scrappy little kid who's a scrappy kid then?
Ed Gamble: Ben ten.
Martin Freeman: Ben ten. Oh, I hated Ben Ten. I absolutely loathed to Ben Ten. Because my son is 15 and he was sort of, when he was like two or three, I suppose, he was interested in Ben Ten. I absolutely loathed it.
Ed Gamble: And what's Ben Ten's vibe again? because I obviously missed out on Ben Ten. Is it that he is just 10?
Martin Freeman: No, I don't think he is, I don't think he is 10. Maybe there's 10 of them or something. I don't know. I think there might be 10 of them in his crew, I'm not sure. But man, I fucking hated that. And nothing against it. No, but I just was the wrong age. I wasn't three.
James Acaster: How much of your thoughts did Ben Ten occupy around that time?
Martin Freeman: Well, let's say if it was over 3% it was too many because you know, like, any percentage is too much.
Ed Gamble: I once when Benedict comes, Ben, Benedict's was recording the Penguins of Madagascar. I got hired to go in and read in all the other voices.
Martin Freeman: did you?
Ed Gamble: And no one told me when I should start or stop. And there was one where he didn't have a line for 10 pages. And I just read all 10 pages while everyone stared at me and it was probably the most awkward 20 minutes of my life.
Martin Freeman: Did you do different accents and stuff?
Ed Gamble: Yep. Did all the different penguins. There about 10 different penguins. I was doing all of them just out there riffing on my own. Yeah, while everyone looked at me. Awful. I mean he said, Well done at the end, but it felt like a waste of time.
Martin Freeman: I mean, he gave me an award. Sure. And you were supposed to just give him his cue, presumably?
Ed Gamble: I think so. But no one was specific. Because there was a scene I think where he had a line at the beginning and then right at the end, and you know, when does the cue start? When does the cue begin so I just did the whole thing.
Martin Freeman: Can I ask why? why they asked you to do that. We you we use sort of then or now, were you more in this sort of acting bit or what?
Ed Gamble: No, I mean, I do, like James says, I do the awkward auditions as well. I didn't have to audition for that. I'd done a couple of things where they just call you up, go down there read in some lines, i think.
Martin Freeman: That's pretty good.
Ed Gamble: But I don't think it helps. I think he probably had to re-record it.
James Acaster: Ed's being modest, Martin. He's done a bit of voice work. Does the term Cazoo, yeah you can, mean anything to you?
Martin Freeman: It does and it doesn't.
Ed Gamble: I don't know if you're in the market for a second hand car, Martin. But I reckon I can sell you on it now.
Martin Freeman: Cazoo, yeah you can.
James Acaster: Cazoo, yeah you can.
Ed Gamble: Cazoo, yeah you can.
James Acaster: Oh yeah, that's it. Sorry. Sorry that I tried to do that Ed. I would give anything to hear that recording of you doing all the voices of the penguins of The Penguins of Madagascar.
Martin Freeman: So would I now. Yeah.
Ed Gamble: It makes me feel ill thinking about it. Especially when you get to the part that Ken Jeong supposed to be playing and you have to make that decision. I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
James Acaster: We come to your starter, we're still at the beginning of the meal Martin. We've had some lovely bread from The Wolseley. Now we come to your starter.
Martin Freeman: I'm going to, do they call it a carpaccio if it's just meat? But I basically want smoked salmon, I wan't smoked salmon and some onions and capers. And then there theres a bit more bread because there's usually a little bit of toast with it. Yeah, so I like that and a bit of squeezed lemon and ground pepper and all that because it's quite lean, right? It's not it's not too heavy, because I am, what I like to call, a fat pig. You know, and so I love food, and I love just eating food a lot. Right? So I've got an leave space to be a fat pig. later on. So like smoked salmon quite lean.
Ed Gamble: with this bread though. Martin, you've entered into a pact with us in the restaurant to stop you eating anymore bread.
Martin Freeman: That's true, but I didn't say toast, did I? I didn't say toast. there's a there's a little sort of quarter peice of toast with no butter on it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but this sounds like an addict thing now. You know, you tell your friends, don't let me smoke again. And then they come around and you're chewing tobacco.
Martin Freeman: I didn't say not cigars. Yeah, yeah, I didn't say no crack. Yeah, no, no, this little bits of sort of delicate toast. I think they're fine.
James Acaster: You can't have them. Sorry, Martin.
Martin Freeman: Oh shit. Really?
James Acaster: You told us to do it. You said, no matter what I say.
Martin Freeman: You're my gatekeeper.
James Acaster: That no matter how hard I plead don't let me have any more bread.
Ed Gamble: Lock me in this cage, and no matter what I say if I start turning into a werewolf, don't let me out of here.
Martin Freeman: Okay, fair enough. Yeah. hoist by my own petard. I shouldn'thave brought that up. And you're quite right.
Ed Gamble: But would you still like the smoked salmon even though there's no bread available? Yes, please.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, Because you know some food? I'm sure. Well, no, I was gonna say I'm sure it's a myth. Well, it's true. Some food is just not, it's tasty and it's filling but it's not, you know, you don't feel leaden afterwards. And a nice bit of smoked salmon without loads of other carby bits around it is really nice. sets off your palate nicely. Gives you a little tingly feeling of wanting more, but it hasn't completely filled you up. Do you know what I mean?
James Acaster: I absolutely love it. I love smoked salmon. I love eating it straight from the pack by the sheet. Sheeting it into my mouth.
Martin Freeman: Yeah. Yeah, Yeah
James Acaster: So here's a question for you about smoked salmon. When you're buying it in the supermarket, so I find now sometimes I'm thinking I'm just gonna eat this on its own, I know that I'm going to eat it on its own. There's quite a lot of different options in the supermarket. And some of it is like the sheets and they've got like loads of pepper on them and lemon. And some of them are like, have got honey on them and stuff like that. What are you looking for when you're in the supermarket? What's your favourite type of smoked salmon to get off the shelf and take home and eat by the sheet?
Martin Freeman: Cheap. Just a bargain. No, I don't really like, I don't want to buggered about with really, I just want it straight. And I want enough so that, cos you know sometimes you buy packets or smoked salmon and they're not quite big enough. So once you've had little snack, it's almost all gone. So I quite like big ones. And I buy a couple of bigger ones to go through a few breakfasts, you know, because I like having it for breakfast. I like putting it in scrambled egg and you know, all that. Or just maybe on the side
Ed Gamble: During the first lockdown when it was difficult to get food delivered and stuff. Me and James actually both started using a thing called food chain which is like used to deliver to restaurants so it was for trade. So you'd go on there and there'd be all the different things and I just ordered some smoked salmon and then it arrived It was like a metre a metre of smoked salmon. I just saw it in half like a magician and freeze half of it, it was billiant.
Martin Freeman: God, thats a real touch.
Ed Gamble: that was best the best day of lockdown.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, Jesus Christ. Was it was about 500 quid? Were you thinking why is this so much?
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, I'm bankrupt now. Bankrupted myself on a metre of smoked salmon.
James Acaster: To be fair, you are possessed by the soul of 1000 penguins. So it's okay for you to eat that many fish in between your whole penguin clan.
Ed Gamble: I just went along the whole thing, different characters along each sheet. Get the slice in before you do Ken's voice.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, so anyway, smoked salmon, caper.
James Acaster: talk about your relationship with capers, please.
Martin Freeman: I'm kind of getting over them. Like I'm learning to tolerate them. I think at first, I say first, you know, probably when I was 30. I was like, What the fuck is - no. And then that's one of those things that I'm trying to incorporate into my taste buds just because I don't really like leaving bits on the side of a plate. It just looks a bit fussy. And so I think, no, mind, you can get over this. Open yourselves up. I've tried with anchovies can't manage it. Can't manage it.
James Acaster: similar thing
Martin Freeman: because I think that they're just too salty. Too salty. For me.
Ed Gamble: I love it. I've always loved it.
Martin Freeman: Anchovies?
Ed Gamble: capers, anchovies, marmite. Just get em in. I can't get enough salt.
Martin Freeman: yeah, no, I do like salt. Do you like ready salted crisps?
Ed Gamble: Not really. I've always been a bit fancy when it comes to crisps.
Martin Freeman: Oh, Jesus Christ. Here we go. He lures you in, like oh my salt, salt, salt. And then it's like, the most obvious thing and he's like, nah, I don't like the Beatles.
Ed Gamble: I am a salt, salt, salt. But you get salt, salt, salt on the other flavours as well don't you, but you get a bit extra.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, but I just think theres something about, genuinely something about just plain readys alted crisps that are phenomenal. And they go with everything. They go with a bagel. So that'll be smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomato bagel, packet of crisps on the side. Jesus Christ, and a coke. God Almighty. Amazing. So nice. Yeah, not healthy. But it's very nice. Yeah.
James Acaster: Who cares if it's healthy or not? That's a nice way to spend your lunchtime.
Martin Freeman: It's a really nice snack. Yeah.
James Acaster: So when you're 30, you're putting the capers on the side of the plate. And then you start to get them involved a bit more. And now it's part of your dream meal. That's quite a journey for ya. At what point were you like, I'm a caper guy?
Martin Freeman: I reckon about two years ago.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
James Acaster: And you went around telling people you were a caper guy?
Martin Freeman: Yeah, I guess I did. And I did do that. You're absolutely right. I did do that. About two years ago, I became a caper guy and just would have caper capers, and where caper capes and all that, and it's changed my life. I am a new man. And I wasn't expecting that in my, you know, so it was it was quite a shock for that to be such a change in my life. You know, more so than becoming a father.
James Acaster: Absolutely. You don't know until it happens.
Martin Freeman: The capers, no, exactly. You don't know. There's before capers and after capers,
James Acaster: it's hard to explain to people who aren't into capers. How it feels to be into capers.They won't understand
Martin Freeman: they don't understand and they can empathise.
Ed Gamble: It's a new kind of love, isn't it?
Martin Freeman: It is really, Yeah, it is. And I didn't think, because I thought I'd been in love. I assumed I'd been in love, but not until I just had those salty berries down the throat. I thought, hello. This is a this is a new thing. It is nice because they genuinely do, they set off, I don't know, I'm not a food scientist as we've established for my oxygenated water. But it does something, it sets off a nice little chemical reaction on the salmon.
Ed Gamble: What's your thoughts on caper berries? Martin, the big fat ones.
Martin Freeman: Oh, no, but aren't the little capers that we're talking about, they're just a smaller version of that right?
Ed Gamble: I think so. But the big one, you know, when you get the big ones and you bite in and they've got all bits in them.
Martin Freeman: Oh, maybe I haven't had a really big one. Maybe I've not.
James Acaster: I haven't had that. It's the first I'm hearing about it, Martin.
Martin Freeman: How big are they?
Ed Gamble: maybe I've imagined them.
James Acaster: You think of a tomato Ed?
Martin Freeman: A green tomato
Ed Gamble: green tomato covered in salt. That's what I'm thinking. No, they're like, they're like, you know, I'd say three times the size of a normal caper.
Martin Freeman: Okay, I think I've only had the little fellas.
Ed Gamble: Stick with the little fellas. Not worth your time the big ones.
Martin Freeman: Okay. Thank you. That's shortcutted that.
James Acaster: Let's move on to the main course, now that Ed's told you that
Martin Freeman: Salmon and spinach linguini. Not salmon, not salmon, prawn. Prawn and spinach linguini. Yeah,
Ed Gamble: I know it's too much. That would have been our first double salmon.
James Acaster: Guys gone double salmon.
Martin Freeman: I've gone salmon, prawn, a lovely sort of prawn linguini and white wine sauce on a lovely bit of linguine. Yeah. It also works with tagliatelle. It works with all sorts works with penne for Christ's sake, you know, but I'm gonna go for linguini today.
Ed Gamble: I was gonna say, it's the dream restaurant so if you would like a mix up of all your favourite pastas, we can do that for you as well.
Martin Freeman: No, no. Don't patronise me, you god damn dirty ape. No, I'm just gonna go for linguini, thanks.
James Acaster: When you said the prawns, I thought oh, Martin likes a lot of seafood so far. I'm going to ask him about seafood. And then here's how my brain went; I went, i'll asked about seafood, and then I started imagining you, eating your meal and singing the song under the sea from the little mermaid, that popped into my head out of nowhere and started making me laugh before I even asked you a question. Would you sing under the sea while you were eating your meal?
Martin Freeman: I don't know enough of it. I know bits of it. But then it becomes when Homer started singing it in an episode of The Simpsons, he started saying it. So I think the real version and homers version get mixed
up in my mind. So I wouldn't be able to run you through under the sea. Would you? Do you know all the words under the sea?
James Acaster: No. Under the sea, Under the sea? Down where its better, down where it's wetter. Take it from me.
Martin Freeman: Okay.
Ed Gamble: I think you'd have to fill in some bits being like Martin is better, down where it wetter, under the sea. Yeah, you'll just have to riff some bits.
Martin Freeman: Also, I don't quite know where, I don't know. I'm not exactly sure of that melody line of, dya know what I mean? Like we can say we can blag it, but I don't know what's actually written down on the piano. So I don't think I could carry that tune properly.
James Acaster: Yeah, well, there's new one coming out, int their? Live actions coming out soon and Devine Diggs is gonna sing that song.
Martin Freeman: Well, no, no, it's me. I'm singing that song. So i'd better learn it.
James Acaster: Oh, yeah, totally.
Martin Freeman: I'd better learn it very, very quickly.
Ed Gamble: You're playing Sebastian the crab.
Martin Freeman: No. Who is it? Who's doing it? Who's doing that?
James Acaster: The Devine Diggs?
Ed Gamble: Did you audition for it, Martin, and this is the first you're hearing of it.
Martin Freeman: I feel like you and then penguins, Ed. I feel betrayed.
James Acaster: How big are these prawns?
Martin Freeman: They're quite big
Ed Gamble: Do you want them in the shell Martin, Or do you want them deshelled and in your pasta.
Martin Freeman: I'd like them deshelled, because I think when you've got to do your own shelling, that's a different thing. Tuck a napkin in there so not to, because it flies everywhere. It's like cutting a tomato, it just goes berserk. So when you do that, when you take a prawns head off, there's always a bit of risk of ricocheting, you know, of friendly fire. So no, I just want to in the sauce with the spinache, and the white wine.
James Acaster: Do you want this from anywhere in particular? Is there somewhere where you've had the best prawn linguini you've ever had, and you want that exact dish for your dream meal.
Martin Freeman: It might actually be somewhere in Sorrento, the name of which I can't remember, but I like to, um. Me and my kids like to go to Sorrento, it is truly a place where I feel very relaxed. And that doesn't happen very often, where I can really switch off when I can just sort of be invisible for a large part.
James Acaster: Because you must get a lot of that, we've already fanboyed out on you quite a bit today. All your different things you've done. What is the one that you get the most?
Martin Freeman: Probably Sherlock,you know, it was a bit like, I dunno. The Office was a bit like being in a band, because it felt quite cool. And lots of music people liked it. But Sherlock is like, I dunno, like being a big band. I don't know. Not Glenn Miller Big Band, just a big huge band. I think when Sherlock was at his height, that felt like the most definite, wow, flippin heck. This is something else, you know, and people really let you know, people really, really let you know.
Ed Gamble: Did you realise when you're in Sorento, finally relaxed and the waiter came over and put your seafood linguini down and went, Dr. Watson.
Martin Freeman: I thought, now I've made it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, now I can't relax here.
James Acaster: Over here, please sir. We need to speak to you, the chef wants to speak to you. And then you've got taken off to the side and a little room and he went, how did he survive jumping off of the building? I do want to ask about Sherlock jumping off the building so I still don't understand what happened. Is it the crash mat thing? Isn't the thing that basically he does it that they they move a massive crash mat round and he jumps on that and someone distracts you because that makes me angry.
Martin Freeman: Okay, A) Why does it make you angry? That fine, I like anger. But B) what do you hope is?
James Acaster: We all spent a year of our lives thinking about that every single second of every single day. I trying to figure out how that had happened and thinking, oh my god, this is so cool. What is happening? Moriarty really checkmated him. Oh, God, how was he behind the tree at the end? And then he got a billion people, a whole cast of people to help him. And he jumped off a building. He jumped onto a crash mat. And I was like, it's like, whenever any magician reveals that trick. You go, what, thats all you were doing? And then you get wound up. So I was like, aw man.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, I think it was that wasn't it? Yeah. And there was another corpse from the hospital that Molly Hooper had, you know. Yes there was a lot of, you know, a willing suspension of disbelief is needed. But yeah, I mean, a lot of organisations
Ed Gamble: There was once a Jonathan Creek where someone jumped out of the building and then disappeared. And it turns out there was a trampoline under the grass.
Martin Freeman: So he landed on the grass, but
Ed Gamble: no, they opened up the grass then they bounced on the trampoline, and then they shut the grass again, absolutely infuriating. Making it up as they go along.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, that is generally the nature of fiction.
Ed Gamble: Can't you just base some Sherlock on facts?
Martin Freeman: Dickins, he's making it up as he goes along. Yes. Yes. And it's bought me a cottage
James Acaster: sometimes do you think it would have been really cool if like they came back after that break and it's just that he didn't do a trick he just did jump off and die. Add that add that the rest of it is just you solving crimes on your own.
Martin Freeman: I did suggest that to Mark and Steven, they didn't go for it.
James Acaster: Your dream side.
Martin Freeman: Chips.
Ed Gamble: simple
Martin Freeman: Chips because sometimes it's good to do a sort of carb overload. Pasta and chips as well, that's another thing I love. A creamy sort of white sauce pasta and good sort of nicely done fat chips, Jesus, or even fries actually, but I'm gonna go for a fatter chip today.
Ed Gamble: Fat chip
Martin Freeman: I mean, I just think that absolutely gorgeous. You can, you know, a mouthful a pasta a chip, heaven.
Ed Gamble: Now, after you've specifically asked us not to let you have any more bread. It really feels like you're exploiting a few loopholes here.
Martin Freeman: It does. This is like an addict. You're right. It is like an addict. I'm just trying to get I'm just gonna get round my own rules. But I'm up to main course now so I'm in the bulk of it. I'm in it now. Whereas I didn't want to ruin it. Before with the with the bread and the starter.
Ed Gamble: Is your drink gonna be a pint of mashed potato?
Martin Freeman: I mean, if it could be, Yeah. I mean, I love mashed potatoes so much. I might even have a coke. I might even have a bottle of Coke, to be honest. If this, you know, if you're paying for this meal, or if it's free, so I'm going to push the boat out. And if I don't have anything to do for the next couple of days, then I'm just going to be a real fat pig.
James Acaster: When you have a bottle of coke Do you have to clear your diary for the next few days, usually?
Martin Freeman: No, I'm just thinking because this is going to be a big blowout and I just, you know, as long as I don't have to get up early tomorrow or you know, do anything impressive.
James Acaster: You just going classic coke. You're not going Pepsi?
Martin Freeman: No, I mean, I don't mind Pepsi, but not No, no coke max. Coke Zero. None of that shit. No. It's Pepsi Max and Coke Zero. No, I'm not interested.
Ed Gamble: It was nice that you call them all shit and then went back to make sure you had their names right.
James Acaster: Absolutely load of shit, with all due respect.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, with ice in lime is in lime in my coke. Yeah. Nice. Why haven't you asked me what I want to drink?
James Acaster: we are.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, but I brought the coke thing, you didn't ask me if I wanted wine. You didn't ask any of that. What sort of sommelierhave you got over there? Jesus Christ.
Ed Gamble: I thought what we'd actually done is quite smoothly moved into the drink portion of the menu. but you're annoyed because we haven't officially asked you, right?
Martin Freeman: Yeah, cuz there wasn't a heading.
James Acaster: I can appreciate that. And also appreciate that on this podcast. We do ask about the drink pretty late in the day. You've had your starter and your main course and your side and then we go, what would you like to drink?
Martin Freeman: And then it occurs to you, Oh, maybe you'd like a wine, I forgot. It's a bit much, mate. I'm gonna have a glass of Pinot Noir. I've got into Pinot Noir. I worked in New Zealand for a long time. And they all know about wine in New Zealand, like young people, normal people know about wine in a way that I don't feel we do. I certainly didn't. And yeah, Pinot Noir was what I really discovered in New Zealand and that's kind of been my go to since then.
James Acaster: This is when you're doing the Hobbit.
Martin Freeman: I mean, I don't like to talk about it. But yes, James. Yes.
James Acaster: What do hobbits eat?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, good question, actually
Martin Freeman: Everything. I mean everything. They eat like a sort of Dickensian gentleman's feast. Like my character Bilbo Baggins, or, if you will, The Hobbit, he has his own,
Ed Gamble: The main guy, let's not let's not mess around. He's The Hobbit.
James Acaster: The OG
Martin Freeman: The OH. Yeah, he's got his own. He's got his own sort of walk in larder. I mean they take food very very seriously. Yeah, second breakfast all that. Yeah, they eat a lot. So yeah, as a result they're they're kind of a bit portly, or maybe that was just me. Because I think, Elijah Wood wasn't very portly. But yeah, I think by the time you get to Bilbo, Bilbo, he definitely likes some grub. Yeah.
James Acaster: So you having in the Pinot Noir or the coke.
Martin Freeman: Both, can I have both? This is a dream restaurant, right?
James Acaster: Yeah, well, we'll let you have it.
Ed Gamble: mean, that's this this is this is this sort of floor in the format in that it is a dream restaurant, but we do tend to ask people to stick with one thing. There are limits.
Martin Freeman: Fine, red wine. I would choose the red wine over the coke
Ed Gamble: We will let you have both.
Martin Freeman: Thank you.
Ed Gamble: Are you going to double park them? Are you going to go sip of the wine sip of the coke? Or are you going coke to start?
Martin Freeman: Coke to start. I think Coke is going to come with the water. So there's going to still going to be a little bit of coke left over when I'm on the wine and pasta, because it's just, again, it peps you up because, I don't know if you know, but Coke is carbonated. And it's got sort of like, but it's also got sugar in it. Right. So it's got, you know, it's two things; air and sugar.
James Acaster: We arrive at your dessert. It's been such a journey. I also kind of want to ask you if you can still do the Fargo voice these days or can you not?
Martin Freeman: It takes a bit of a run up to be honest, James. It takes a little bit of a warm up.
James Acaster: I don't know make you perform for us, Martin.
Ed Gamble: It was fairly, It was obvious at the beginning of the episode that you're angling for that James. We all ignored it and we all moved on. Martin was very classy. He just decided to sort of segue into the next bit.
Martin Freeman: What would really make me happy is you trying it.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, that would make me happy
James Acaster: I'm very bad at accents.
Martin Freeman: But that's why it's going to be fun. Why don't you say, what would you like your dessert, as a Minnesotan?
Ed Gamble: Me and Martin have naturally braced ourselves if you've noticed.
James Acaster: it's really hard. I can't really get past Okay then. Okay. Marty, what be. I kind of need to know your dessert choice there Martin. I need to know you're
Ed Gamble: It's not bad.
Martin Freeman: It's a bloody gallant effort.
James Acaster: I'm trying my best. I'm genuinely trying.
Martin Freeman: I think you hit the Rs more, hit the R sound more. On my name and on the dessert.
James Acaster: Mar, Mar, Martin. No coz I miss the rest of it.
Martin Freeman: Martin, Martin.
James Acaster: Oh, that's good. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Martin Freeman: Martin, Martin, Dessert.
James Acaster: Ya dessert. I'm getting better in real time.
Martin Freeman: Improving, yeah, definitely.
Ed Gamble: Imagine if you're in a restaurant, the waiter came over and just started going. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yar, yar. Oh, Oaky, Yar
Martin Freeman: Getting into character.
Ed Gamble: what be? What be you want for dessert there?
James Acaster: No, I don't know. I don't know.
Ed Gamble: Can I see the manager, please?
Martin Freeman: This is a lot of fun. I like you doing accents. Can we just throw accents at you?
James Acaster: If you want to? I mean, it serves me right for trying to make you do the voice. So yeah, I think so.
Martin Freeman: But can you do the thing where you don't pause because, let's let's face it.It's a bit more serious for me if I do a load of shit accents because it's my job. Right? You got nothing. You've got your own thing going on. James. You're untouched by like, Okay, he does a bad Welsh, no one gives a shit. So if I just say an accent, a region. I'll keep it in Britain. I'll keep it in Britain. And you've just got without pausing. Just ask me, what I want for dessert in that accent. Okay.
James Acaster: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Martin Freeman: Belfast,
James Acaster: Aw fuck off. Just start off with the one that will get me the most trouble.
Ed Gamble: It's good. That's the sort of thing they say, but you need to work on the accent a bit more.
James Acaster: Why would you like for dessert?
Ed Gamble: What the hell was that?
James Acaster: I'm trying not to think.
Martin Freeman: One more, Birmingham,
James Acaster: what would you like for dessert?
Ed Gamble: Wow,
Martin Freeman: They are all quite similar. There's a definite similarity between all of them. And which just goes to show we're all one big family. The human race is one big family.
James Acaster: When I'm not allowed to think about it. I really do surprise myself with what comes out my mouth. And I'm not allowed to think about it at all. And I just have to go for it, It's a shock to me when it happens.
Martin Freeman: Well, and to all of us. But I think it's quite good to not let your brain get in the way and just go for it. Dya know what I mean? And we all admire that more. The fact that you've, you know, you've gone for it.
James Acaster: We should ask you your dessert properly, really, but I also want to know how long it took you to do the Fargo accent. Really all I wanted to talk about on this episode is the Fargo accent.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, we know
James Acaster: And I don't know why everyone's getting in the way.
Martin Freeman: You could have got my number from someone James, I'm sure we've got mutual friends. And you could have just texted me, Do you want to hear my dessert.
Ed Gamble: We would.
Martin Freeman: I would like a lemon meringue pie, please. That's what I would like.
James Acaster: Thank you and goodbye. Martin Freeman, you've been a wonderful guest. I love lemon meringue pie. I don't know if anyone's chosen it properly yet. I think some people have done little shout outs to it.
Martin Freeman: I think a wellmade lemon meringue pie is quite gorgeous, you know. It's got that that zesty flavour of the lemon. And you know, the sort of the sugar overload of the meringue, again. The pastry, the nice sort of crust pastry, Its just gorgeous, man, I really like it. And also, it feels sort of light. And it's good. I'm in a restaurant because that doesn't limit me to one piece. If I have a home, then I'm just going back for seconds and thirds, you know, so it's quite good to sort of, you know, be a bit restrained. But yeah, well cooked piece of lemon meringue is amazing.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I think we talked about on the podcast before. The lemon meringue pie, Gloria, a restaurant in Shoreditch, where they have the normal lemon bit and then the meringue bit is probably about 30 centimetres high. So that's well worth checking out. You can have one slice but then, you know, that's as a lot of sugar.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, that's three courses by the sound of it. You want the pastry too be good, you want all the all the different parts of it to be really onpoint.
James Acaster: Aw man, if they get all the different parts of the onpoint.
Martin Freeman: Yeah.
Wooow, I can eat it forever.
Martin Freeman: Yes, it is a really good thing. But then I think that about everything I eat James, I think that about everything I eat. Fish and chips. Why would you want to eat anything else? Japanese? Why would you? In the moment you're having it. I'm just basically like a chimp, and all I can see or think about is what I'm in the moment of there.
Ed Gamble: This is why you need to hire someone to tell you to stop eating stuff. So you can move on to another thing.
Martin Freeman: Ain't that the truth? Yeah. And my kids help with that. My girlfriend helps with that a little bit, because I give people licence to say steady on, because I will, I don't know whether it's a bit cliche, because I'm the youngest of five, and I was always quite small. And yeah, usually in big families, and if you're the youngest, there is that thing of just wanting to pack it all in your mouth. But also I think, when I was a kid, I think I found it vaguely impressive that I was so small, but I could eat loads and grown ups and teachers would say, oh, you're like a little hamster, arn't you? Where do you tuck it all? I think I saw that as a badge of honour when I was about two foot one. That at least, okay, I'm not tall, but I can eat. And I think I still have a bit of that. And of course, without being too serious or self righteous about it. I like most of us, I can't stand waste. I can't stand it. And it's not like I never waste anything, I sometimes do. But I sort of hate doing it. You know that when people have beans on toast, right? And there's just like, so they've had the toast, they've had the beans, but there's still there's still some beans, and quite a lot of bean sauce. Why are you doing that? There is no fucking reason on God's green earth that you would leave, like, oh, because it's not important. Of course it's important. It's still there. It's on the plate. I just don't get it. And I don't know if that is just because I'm a pig or because I have something about you know, you shouldn't throw food away.
Ed Gamble: You can be sort of, you know, a conscious pig
Martin Freeman: I tried to be.
Ed Gamble: Socially aware, socially conscious pig.
Martin Freeman: I tried to be an aware pig. Yeah,
James Acaster: Sometimes I've had beans on toast and it doesn't look like there's enough beans but they don't completely cover the toast, and I think right, I've got to really ration this, I've got to make sure each bite, I have some beans but I can't go mad. And then at the end of that loads of beans, cuz I completely didn't do it properly. And then I'm like Oh man, this last bit of toast last mouthful is gonna be drenched in beans like over beaned it.
Ed Gamble: What I love about this is that we do have to wrap up now we're getting messages saying, we've got to wrap up and James's thought no, we need we need this anecdote about me having too many beans.
James Acaster: I really connected that observation.
Ed Gamble: Who would have thought, we got to do this beans anecdote. If we don't get this.
Martin Freeman: You've got to have the beans bit. When we take this on the road when lockdowns over, the beans bit it's gonna kill. It's gonna kill.
Ed Gamble: We're gonna have to open with the beans bit, otherwise people are gonna go mad.
Martin Freeman: yeah and maybe close as well, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah like the one and only, like Chesney Hawkes.
James Acaster: Sometimes on this podcast, someone brings something up but I really connect with it. And when Martin talked about the beans, when Martin talked about the beans, I was like, aw man, and I know on the zoom chat we're getting constant flashes up from Benito saying do the menu, read his menu back, we really have to stop now. But he said the beans thing and I thought man. I really connect with that. No one's ever bought a beans on toast on the podcast before
Martin Freeman: Sorry, I said it.
James Acaster: I have to seize my opportunity.
Martin Freeman: Yeah, but now I see that you're excited.
Ed Gamble: I don't like beans.
Martin Freeman: Wow, do you not ?
Ed Gamble: Don't like em. I've got some beans actually, at home though. We bought some beans at the beginning of the pandemic because we thought it's a sort of thing you should have just in case everything goes
wrong. But we've not eaten them, so if you don't like waste, Martin, you're very welcome to come over and pick up a tin of beans.
Martin Freeman: Can I?
Martin Freeman: Yes you can.
Martin Freeman: Thanks, any loose beans I'll gratefully receive. Yeah.
Ed Gamble: They're not loose. We can tip them outside the door if you want you can just come come and collect.
Martin Freeman: I'd rather that, I'd rather that to be fair. Yeah, just into my hand.
James Acaster: Water. You would like sparkling water with an oxygen tank.
Martin Freeman: Yes please.
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread, you want bread and butter from The Wolseley. Starter; smoked salmon with onions and capers, delicate toast that we then confiscate and don't let eat. Main course; prawn and spinach linguini with white wine sauce in Sorrento. Side dish of chips; big chunky chips. Drink; a glass of Pinot Noir and a bottle of coke with a glass of ice and lime, And dessert; a lemon meringue pie where all the elements are made to perfection.
Martin Freeman: Sounds good, right?
Ed Gamble: Does sounds good. I'd be very happy with that. The chips are a rogue element for me, but I'm,
Martin Freeman: really? Yeah, but you don't like beans,
Ed Gamble: I don't like beans.
Martin Freeman: 1:You're not fully to be trusted there, Benito. So who's Benito. Oh, Ben was on the call yeah,
James Acaster: Benitos the producer.
Martin Freeman: Sorry, Ed. Yes, yes. Yes, yes.
Ed Gamble: Theres too many characters.
Martin Freeman: Beacuse I'm only seeing you, and you seem like the one who's in charge of this operation. And James, keep referring to the great Benito and you do seem a bit like an Italian fascist to me, only to me. Yeah. I'm sure not to everyone else.
James Acaster: So for this entire podcast you have thought that Ed is the great Benito.
Martin Freeman: No, no, I know, Ed is Ed. But maybe I was thinking, is that your pet name for him? Because he really has invaded north african countries.
Ed Gamble: Theres a lot going on in this universe. But yeah, I'm in Italian fascist, Dr. Watson.
Martin Freeman: Why not, someone's got to be.
Ed Gamble: thank you very much Martin.
James Acaster: Thank you so much Martin.
Martin Freeman: Thank you, gents. My pleasure. Thank you.
Ed Gamble: Well, James, Martin Freeman came into the dream restaurant, and you absolutely, you wouldn't leave him alone. You fanboyed all over him. We barely got to chat about food because youw were like, oh tell us about the time you did different voice.
James Acaster: 1:Yes. I wanted to know about the voice. And I got my answers. I got what I came for. I might not get to talk to Martin Freeman again. I wanted to know about the voice from Fargo. I wanted to know about Sherlock jumping off the building. I wanted to know about big Keith and I asked all of those questions. And I was very happy about it.
Ed Gamble: Well I'm glad, I thought that was a wonderful episode, actually. And it genuinely felt like we were professional interviewers at points.
James Acaster: Yeah, at times. I felt like this must be what it is like to take your podcast seriously.
Ed Gamble: Well look, it was a great episode. Thank you very much Martin Freeman, for coming in. Remember everyone Season Two of B reeders is on Sky and it'll be available to watch on Sky One and Now TV from the 27th of May as a box set. And Martin earned that plug because he didn't say Bombay mix.
James Acaster: Can we get back in touch with Martin and ask them about Black Panther because I'm a bit annoyed that I missed out Black Panther. I want more. I guess what I want to do, I want to do a redemption episode. I want to talk about Black Panther and I want to talk about beans on toast a bit more.
Ed Gamble: You want the great Benito, who's not me, to email Martin's representation and say, Can we get Martin on board for a live streamed episode? Specifically to be asked about Black Panther and beans.
James Acaster: Yes, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Okay, well, we have merch, go and get some merch. Go onto our website, offmenupodcast.co.uk. And you can see how to buy some lovely t-shirt designs and all that sort of business.
James Acaster: When we told Martin Freeman we've got merch he was like, great. I haven't seen him since the office. That's what he calls Stephen Merchant as a nickname.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much. Goodbye.
James Acaster: Goodbye.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the podcast that resembles a steak tartare, it's raw and delicious.
James Acaster: More.. different.. different beginning..
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah, you like that?
James Acaster: Yeah yeah, that's absolutely fine.
Ed Gamble: Hey look, I'm always working off of the top of my head for these. Because even though we just recorded the intro for another podcast, I still forgot that I had to do this bit at the beginning.
James Acaster: Yeah you absolutely did forget, I see it in your eyes every time.
Ed Gamble: I'm always panicking. Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, we're in New York City. We're in an actual bar and that's why you can hear a coffee percolator in the background.
James Acaster: Yeah, that wasn't me doing a sound effect.
Ed Gamble: Although you are very good at sound effects are you? You're like the man from police academy.
James Acaster: Yep *blurhhh*
Ed Gamble: Yep. And when I say you're like the man from the police academy, I mean you're like Steve Gutenberg trying to do sound effects.
James Acaster: Yes, yeah. His character was not good at sound effects.
Ed Gamble: No, not at all. Very good at other stuff but not a sound effect guy.
James Acaster: Er, what's your name?
Ed Gamble: Oh, Ed Gamble, sorry.
James Acaster: I'm James Acaster.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to The Off Menu podcast. It's a food based podcast where we ask a special guest some simple questions. What are they James?
James Acaster: Their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink.
Ed Gamble: Indeed. And our special guest this week is the wonderful, wonderful comedian
Both: Josh Gondelman
Ed Gamble: He is excellent... ooh sorry... just doing a very hissy fart. Josh Gondelman is a wonderful stand-up comedian, I've seen clips of his online. I've followed him on twitter for many years, he's very funny on twitter
James Acaster: So funny.
Ed Gamble: And turns out, he's a lovely man. We've heard lots of rumours
James Acaster: We were told by so many people. All we knew going into this interview is that Josh Gondelman is the nicest man on the planet.
Ed Gamble: Excellent. So, Josh Gondelman, despite being a nice man, we will be horrible to him if he says a secret ingredient that we have predetermined before the interview. James, what is the secret ingredient this week?
James Acaster: Chicken feet, Ed.
Ed Gamble: Chicken feet. I don't think I've ever had chicken feet.
James Acaster: Me neither. So really, we're just being very narrow minded about something that might be delicious.
Ed Gamble: We are. But, I don't want it.
James Acaster: Yeah, I don't want to eat it.
Ed Gamble: No.
James Acaster: I guess it's, I mean, maybe I would still eat them and maybe I would like them, but personally they give me the heeby jeebies. I don't know... maybe that's a bad thing. Maybe that's reflective of...
Ed Gamble: Maybe we should try chicken feet.
James Acaster: Yeah, maybe we should try them. But we really struggle to come up with secret ingredients on this podcast, and so we're just gonna say chicken feet because Josh Gondelman's so nice we don't want to kick him out and we don't think he's gonna say chicken feet.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Exactly. Right let's hope he doesn't say chicken feet. This is the Off Menu menu of
Both: Josh Gondelman.
Ed Gamble: Welcome Josh Gondelman, to The Dream Restaurant.
Josh Gondelman: Thank you so much for having me.
James Acaster: Welcome Josh Gondelman, we've been expecting you for some time.
Josh Gondelman: Wow
Ed Gamble: Now, what do you think that sound effect was?
Josh Gondelman: well, I, were you appearing out of thin air?
James Acaster: Yeah, pretty much.
Josh That's my first guess.
Ed Gamble: That's a great guess.
Josh Gondelman: Thank you.
James Acaster: Yes, actually, I've got some, it was originally gonna be thin air but I got in especially some fat air.
Josh Gondelman: Oh, that's good!
James Acaster: I love, I prefer fat air personally. It tastes better.
Josh Gondelman:
It tastes better, it's warmer to the touch.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah yeah.
Josh Gondelman: I love a thick air.
James Acaster: It's what it's about.
Ed Gamble: It's just there, you can take a slice off.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah. A lovely slice.
Ed Gamble: So James is a genie, he's just appeared from some thick air.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah.
James Acaster: I have an amuse bouche for you.
Josh Gondelman: Thank you.
James Acaster: Obviously.
Josh Gondelman: I hate a bored bouche.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah yeah.
Josh Gondelman: If my bouche isn't being entertained it's like no thanks.
Ed Gamble: Especially, you've just arrived at the restaurant. You don't want any any boredom in the bouche.
James Acaster: A sulky little bouche there. Waiting for ya, stroppin'.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah. You gotta hit the bouche fast, you gotta hit it hard. Tickle it. Tickle the bouche.
James Acaster: Tickle the bouche under the chin.
Ed Gamble: Yes. Straight away. Now this is a new format point that you invented yesterday James
James Acaster: Yeah I just decided that we don't do enough amuse bouches on this podcast.
Ed Gamble: So, what's the amuse bouche because
James Acaster: Pizza!
Ed Gamble: Oh, a full pizza?
James Acaster: Yes
Josh Gondelman: A full pizza?
James Acaster: Yes.
Josh Gondelman: Do I have to eat the whole thing?
James Acaster: It's an amuse bouche, it's up to you, you know. Absolutely I thought you'd like pizza before your meal.
Josh Gondelman: Thank you. What kind of toppings are we talking?
James Acaster: Fish
Ed Gamble: Fish?
James Acaster: Fish pizza
Josh Gondelman: Like an anchovy?
James Acaster: It's just all kinds of fish. Just like, a, it's a bunch of different kids of fish. But I didn't have time to cut any of them up, so they're all whole.
Josh Gondelman: Whole fish?
James Acaster: But like, it's fish pizza.
Josh Gondelman:
Shrimps with the shells on.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah yeah. They're all there. The whole sea bed on top of your lovely pizza.
Josh Gondelman: Thank you
Ed Gamble: It doesn't really sound like an amuse bouche, it sounds like it's gonna make the bouche quite confused.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah yeah, it's a confused bouche.
James Acaster: Yeah, a confused bouche, that's quite nice.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, see this is the number one podcast for confused bouches. When you said you don't think you do enough amuse bouches on the podcast, I still feel like however much you were doing it's still more than every other podcast.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah yeah exactly. Amused bouche is a great name for this podcast. It's too late now but
James Acaster: Yeah, we should've done that.. that would've been a good name.
Ed Gamble: We should've called it amused bouche.
James Acaster: Ah well, too late
Ed Gamble: Josh, are you a foodie?
Josh Gondelman: Well, I'm, I like food. I'm not pretentious about it, I will, I have like my taste is incredibly broad. I eat most things and I'm like, that was pretty good. I like, basically eat everything. I used to get teased at an old job because we would have sometimes they would bring in lunch and some of the writers I worked with were like "eh, this isn't my favourite" and I would be like "er.. I dunno.. it's lunch, I'm into it".
Ed Gamble: I've eaten it now, it's nice.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah it's good. It's in my mouth, it's got textures, flavours, all the things I like in a food.
James Acaster: So when people are like, you go around someone's house and they say, "is there anything you don't eat?", and I always feel bad that I'm just like, "no, there's nothing I don't eat".
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, right, you want to give them something, so they can be like, "Oh we'll take care of you".
Ed Gamble: Well, sure.
Josh Gondelman: I don't eat, I'm not into tomato. Like a big slice of tomato.
Ed Gamble: Like just raw tomato? yeah
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, yeah. I'll eat it in things, it doesn't put me off as an ingredient, but like as a component, or like, what's that salad? it's just, it's not even a salad, it's just basil and cheese and..
James Acaster: Is it a caprese?
Ed Gamble: Caprese? Yeah
Josh Gondelman: Caprese yep that's the one. Yeah, I like two thirds of that. And then we can just leave the tomatoes.
Ed Gamble: You can pick the cheese, you could pick the cheese out quite easily.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, yeah, it looks like the cheese has been raptured.
James Acaster: I got into it again, a couple of years ago, tomatoes.
Ed Gamble: Really?
James Acaster: Yeah yeah yeah
Ed Gamble: When did you fall out of tomatoes?
James Acaster: Just got bored of them. Feels like it's pretty boring, I don't get what the fuss is about. Why is it everywhere? You know, I really didn't understand it.
Josh Gondelman: That's how I feel, you know, it shows up in every sandwich. It's like it follows you everywhere.
James Acaster: I thought, overhyped. But then I went to a Chef's Table restaurant, so it's one of the chefs from Chefs Tables and I just wanted to go because of that show. And one of the dishes was this amazing tomato salad with like a tomato jelly as well that they'd made, and it really made me appreciate the flavour at the core of a tomato. And I'd like taken it for granted for so long and then it suddenly made
me see it all again in a new light. And now, I love it. Any time there's any tomato in anything, it reminds me of that dish and I can find that hint of that flavour in there and it takes me back to chefs
Ed Gamble: You had a tomatapiphany!
James Acaster: I did have a tomatapiphany actually!
Josh Gondelman: I love it, it's like, the tomato's been hot the whole time, it just took off its glasses and shook up its hair.
James Acaster: Exactly! It was exactly like that.
James Acaster: We always start off with still or sparkling water Josh?
Josh Gondelman: I'd go with still with a meal, please. Or tap if you have it? I just, even in a Dream Restaurant I'm like, we should keep the cost down.
James Acaster: Does it make you feel better?
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, it does.
James Acaster: Yeah you feel bad if you're getting, like paying for still water.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah just I don't need like 6 dollars for like water water.
Ed Gamble: I always ask for tap as well but I always feel bad when I do it like I'm a horrible piece of scum.
Josh Gondelman: But they don't... you know... it's not harder for them
Ed Gamble: Yeah, but they always say, 'do you want still or sparkling', they never say tap, no-one ever offers tap so then you have to, it's like a secret code, it's a hack when you have to say tap.
Josh Gondelman: And I always worry that like, when I ask for that, that they feel like I will not be a good tipper.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
Josh Gondelman: That's the thing
James Acaster:
Right
Josh Gondelman: That they're like, oh, he's really cutting costs from word one.
James Acaster: All tap no tip
Josh Gondelman: All tap no tip!
Ed Gamble: Yeah, cos that's where I was gonna say you really save money tap and tip.
James Acaster: Tap and tip.
Josh Gondelman: T and t. Any consultant will tell you, I like a still water with a lot of ice. I like my beverages as cold as possible at all times.
Ed Gamble: How much ice? Because I don't want to, look, I don't want to come to your country and start flinging around accusations, but I think Americans over ice.
Josh Gondelman: I over ice.
Ed Gamble: You over ice.
Josh Gondelman: I mean I prefer, I prefer, I mean I'm drinking iced coffee currently, in the winter. And I like it, not mostly ice, but I like it cold top to bottom. Sometimes you get ice that's just on the top and the bottom is still room temperature. That's not fair.
James Acaster: Sure, that's not nice.
Josh Gondelman: No thank you. I work hard, I deserve the beverage at the temperature that I prefer.
James Acaster: You want it stacked
Josh Gondelman: oh yeah, stacked. I don't need it dense but I need it stacked. That's the word for it.
James Acaster: Do you have ice in your home?
Josh Gondelman: Oh yeah. Always. If you come to my home you will not be disappointed by a dirth of ice. If you go to the freezer, it's in there.
James Acaster: In the freezer. Yeah. but do you have one of those little machines on the front of your freezer?
Josh Gondelman: No. It's on the inside though, so it makes it by itself.
James Acaster: That's nice
Josh Gondelman: Yep, and I take it for granted fully. Like the tomato. I just think it'll be there. Yeah if one day I open the freezer and it hadn't made it, I wouldn't know how to fix it, I would be very disappointed. I wouldn't know who to call to get it fixed and then I would just drink warm beverages until I moved and just feel disappointed.
Ed Gamble: But you'd move quickly right? You'd immediately put it into action
Josh Gondelman: Yeah yeah yeah. I'd tell my wife, I would say honey, we're gonna get out of here.
James Acaster: We have to move house, preferably into an igloo, so that I can eat the walls.
Josh Gondelman: A house that I could drink slowly. It's my favourite room in Raymond Chandler short story, Raymond hart's short story a house that I can drink slowly.
James Acaster: I wouldn't know how to, who would you call to fix the ice machine?
Josh Gondelman: I guess, we have a landlord and I guess I would call him, but then I don't know he would call, would he call the company that makes the refrigerator, is it a plumber? It's not really a water issue, it's a pipe issue?
James Acaster: Yeah, it would be weird if the plumber, if you were a plumber you would probably be annoyed.
Ed Gamble: Does a plumber deal with ice as well? Or just water?
Josh Gondelman: Just liquid water?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, is there an ice plumber?
Josh Gondelman: I dunno, and then a gases plumber. If you've got a steam problem then that's gonna be a different guy.
James Acaster: An ice plumber. I like the thought of an ice plumber. I think that's
Ed Gamble: He wears sunglasses. He's cool.
James Acaster: Really cool. Poppadoms or bread Josh?! Popadoms or bread?!
Josh Gondelman: Oh, bread please.
James Acaster: Bread please.
Ed Gamble: Very polite as well.
James Acaster: Very polite. We already knew, me and Ed haven't met you before but your reputation proceeds you as a polite, nice man.
Josh Gondelman: Thank you that's very kind
James Acaster: I don't think I've ever heard one person get so many compliments before I've met them before.
Josh Gondelman: That's very kind. I appreciate that so much.
James Acaster: Oh, I knew you would take it nicely like that. Look how nicely he took it.
Josh Gondelman: Well, I've been trying not to be like, like when people compliment, which, you know, happens from time to time. I've been trying to not be like one of those guys that's like, 'oh you think something nice about me? Well you're a fucking idiot. Only an idiot would say something nice to me', cos that's you know
James Acaster: The ultimate test is to tell a nice person that they're nice and then you get to see, see the truth
Josh Gondelman: Yeah then you see how they really are. I could just be really good at facades, just facades in general.
Ed Gamble: Yeah! But then you see, if you've taken it that far, the nice facade, then you're basically nice I think
Josh Gondelman: Right, right. The facade has penetrated into the inside.
James Acaster: Yeah, it clearly matters to you.
Ed Gamble:
If you don't tell, if you don't show to anyone that you're a nasty person and just are nice to everyone then I think you're nice. Yeah you've gone so deep undercover
Josh Gondelman: I'm practically in the mob at this point.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you're the godfather of nice.
James Acaster: It depends what you're doing in secret though I guess. If you're being nice to everyone but you're poisoning everyone.
Ed Gamble: Oh but that's not being nice
James Acaster: The facade is there, nice to everyone's faces, but secretly poisoning us all.
Ed Gamble: With ice
Josh Gondelman: Killing them, not with kindness but with poisonous ice
James Acaster: yeah sending the ice plumber round to the house
Josh Gondelman: Yeah he's got the sunglasses on cos his eyes are shifty
James Acaster: He knows what he's doing, that ice plumber. You know, some people in this city. Obviously New York has a reputation for some people really yell at each other, stuff like that. Well on night one, we saw some classic New York brashness.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah it was great, it was like they'd welcomed us to New York by having an argument outside our hotel.
Josh Gondelman: Like that's a concierge service.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, could we have a New York argument outside the room please.
James Acaster: Two men, arguing by a car, I assumed one of them owned the car, dunno what they were really arguing about. But one of them was saying, 'you can suck my dick, just suck my dick, bend over and suck my dick' yeah he said 'bend over you suck my dick'.
Josh Gondelman: That's a classic New York City insult.
James Acaster:
Yeah, in England, by the way, that would get you punched in the face, saying that.
Josh Gondelman: Oh yeah, in New York, that's kind of like the opening salvo in a negotiation. It's like, oh, you want me to suck my dick, that's not really what I'm into right now. Let's see if we can reach a middle ground.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, cos there was no threat of violence, they were stood like, quite far away from each other and the guy was just taking it. And, well, the worst come-back in the world.
James Acaster: Yeah, the worst but also my favourite come-back. The guy was just like, `well, why don't you get your wife to suck my dick'.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, `why don't you and my wife share an intimate moment?'
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, 'we hardly know each other, this is too much give in our relationship. I'm mad at you so I'm definitely not gonna do you that kindness you're suggesting'.
Ed Gamble: Also it was like 'bend over and suck my dick' it's not even 'get on your knees'. Like, 'fully bend at the hips'.
James Acaster: Yeah, 'just bend at the waist'.
Josh Gondelman: 'I know you have back issues so this is not gonna be comfortable'.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, `we're in the street, I don't want you putting your knees in any dirt. Just bend over'
Josh Gondelman: 'There might be puddles. Just bend over standing. We don't have the time'.
James Acaster: 'That sounds like something your wife should do actually'.
Ed Gamble: 'This is a thing for the bedroom. This is a private moment'.
Josh Gondelman: 'You seem very lonely, I can't meet your needs'.
James Acaster: Yeah that was the opposite of, the opposite Gondelman.
Josh Gondelman: That's so funny
Ed Gamble: An opposite Gondelman.
James Acaster: Yeah an opposite Gondelman.
Josh Gondelman: That's just, yeah, that's the sex position. It's the reverse Gondelman that guy unsuccessfully demanding a stranger suck his dick
James Acaster: Yeah, while bending at the waist
Ed Gamble: Yeah, so bread.
James Acaster: Bread, what bread would you like?
Josh Gondelman: I'd like, does a roll count as a bread?
James Acaster: Oh yeah yeah
Josh Gondelman: Okay, so kind of a, some kind of grain, a whole grain, a dark grain roll. With, there's like a honey salted butter. Yeah, the butter is the thing. Any soft bread will do really, it's just a vehicle for the butter. That's gonna be a theme through my meal, I think, is a vehicle for the butter.
James Acaster: Yeah, butter vehicles.
Josh Gondelman: Butter vehicles, it's like oh they look good from far away but are vehicles. Just a horrible car.
Ed Gamble: Have you had this honey salted butter anywhere in particular?
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, there was this place that closed. This is gonna get wistful. My wife and I had this favourite restaurant, it was where our parents met each other, we took both our parents out to meet at this restaurant called Rye, in our old neighbourhood, we lived in Willamsburg, Brooklyn and they just had the greatest butter. And my wife is diabetic so she doesn't eat a lot of bread, because, you know, it just turns right into sugar which you know, she has to count it very carefully.
Ed Gamble: Type one or type two?
Josh Gondelman: type one
Ed Gamble: I'm type one
Josh Gondelman: Oh! I didn't know that.
Ed Gamble: I'm type one, but Ive just eaten a cookie, because I'm in New York.
Josh Gondelman: Fuck my blood! I'm in New York City baby. Suck my dick blood!
Ed Gamble: Bend over blood and suck my dick!
Josh Gondelman: So she, so, but she will, for this salted butter, this kind of sweet, salted butter, she would get, she used to get excited and would, you know like budget for that health wise
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you've gotta give some things a pass I think. You can't live your life denying everything.
Josh Gondelman: No. Agreed. And so, it was terrific and their restaurant has since closed and we miss it but we don't live there anymore. We moved because our last ice maker broke so we're in a different neighbourhood now.
James Acaster: Did your wife fall in the Hudson?
Josh Gondelman: No
James Acaster: Oh.
Ed Gamble: Now, just to let you know Josh, this is a running joke where James claims that I got type one diabetes because I fell in the Thames.
James Acaster: It's just a good question, I thought it was interesting. Cos like, I thought, probably not the Thames right, cos you guys don't live near it. So maybe it was the Hudson that
Ed Gamble: But im glad, im glad to hear that your wife coincidentally hasn't fallen in the Hudson because that would really, like that would back up his theory too much,.
James Acaster: I would have really landed on my feet there if she had.
Josh Gondelman: Small sample size but it really would have busted the study.
James Acaster: If your wife had fallen in the Hudson it would have really done me a lot of favours in the long run of this podcast.
Josh Gondelman: I could see if she'll do it, she's very nice.
James Acaster: Any body of water, if you could ask her if she's ever fallen in a body of water there and then we could find out.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, we could find out.
James Acaster: Cos I'm trying to, it's for the good of everyone really, if I could find out, get to root of it all.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it's good research
James Acaster: I like reminiscing about places that have closed. I think that's very nice and like, I like it when people bring that to the podcast.
Josh Gondelman: Do you have like favourite, do you think about places that have closed often?
James Acaster: Yeah there was a place in Auckland in New Zealand where, I'd only go there once a year for the festival, the comedy festival, and there was a place called Honey Trap and they did this sandwich and it was the best like beef brisket sandwich and, there was this amazing coleslaw in it, and pickles. My favourite sandwich ever. And it's shut.
Josh Gondelman: It's gone. I also have a favourite beef brisket sandwich at a place that no longer exists. A barbecue place in Boston called Soul Fire that's gone. Talking about places that have closed is like the ultimate New York City past time. I think until you don't know, until you have a favourite place that closed, that's I think when you become a real New Yorker. It's like, when every neighbourhood, when you can point at any bank and just be like 'ah, I used to get a tattoo there!', that's like truly the New Yorkist thing when you can look at a thing that sucks and remember when it used to be good. And that's like everybody's favourite hobby, which you can't recommend to tourists, you just have to be like, `oh I guess, go to the Whitney, see some art'. Because you can't reminisce about a place you're visiting but have never lived.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you have to stay here for like, a few months, and see the full life cycle of a restaurant first.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah yeah yeah
James Acaster: Because, like there's a lot places that don't last long here, right? Like, cos it's like quite impressive if you manage to keep a restaurant going for a while, in New York.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, it's really impressive. There's a restaurant in our neighbourhood, I don't want to blow up their spot but it's so bad. And it's been open for like six months and we walk by it all the time and just go, this place, how, it must be a front. They must run numbers in the back, some kind of gambling programme because it's not, it's not enough to be... It's like, does this restaurant have rich parents? Who pays its rents?
James Acaster:
That's when you know you're a bad restaurant. If you're such a, your food is so bad that you get investigated by the FBI because everyone, it's like it has to be a front.
Ed Gamble: This can't be a real restaurant.
Josh Gondelman: No, what is it here? What are you trafficking?
Ed Gamble: Have you been to the restaurant?
Josh Gondelman: Yes, we've gone a couple times. It's like one of those, it's a coffee shop and restaurant, but it only seats like four people, which is a red flag. That's not enough people to keep a restaurant open.
Ed Gamble: especially if you can get a seat immediately.
Josh Gondelman: Yes, yeah, they're like, 'we'll take the table'. 'It's open sir'. But they do prepared food, it's not just like a small, you know, it's not just like a window coffee shop. Like they'll serve you a warm meal, and that's a bad sign that it's like 'well, we don't expect people to sit and eat at our restaurant.
James Acaster: Yeah it's like with four seats you're either a horrendous restaurant or you're the best
Josh Gondelman: Right, the best restaurant. there's a documentary about you. It's called Four Seats. You serve each person one quail egg.
Ed Gamble: And they only have a landline. That's the only way that you can book.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, you can't make reservations online, yeah you call their phone
Ed Gamble: There's a sushi restaurant in London where they've only got a landline but they put on their twitter account, we have one seat available for 5pm next Friday, call now, and they plug in their landline and as soon as they've booked it they unplug their landline.
Josh Gondelman: that's incredible. that's so, oh, I hate how much I love it. I wish I could just be like, oh I guess I'll never go there, but now im like, oh I want it so bad
Ed Gamble: I've never been there but the only people, they're the only twitter account I have notifications for, so whenever they tweet I'm like, I gotta call.
Josh Gondelman: how often do they tweet?
Ed Gamble:
I'd say like once a week, once a week they'd tweet and it's like next week we've got one seat, but it's always one seat
James Acaster: and then they throw their phone out the window,
Ed Gamble: Yeah and then they're getting through a phone a week
Josh Gondelman: What do they tweet from? Do they call, they have a guy they call and they're like, do the tweet
James Acaster: And then unplug the phone
Ed Gamble: Do you remember that, when twitter started there was a thing you could text your tweet? It was crazy
Josh Gondelman: It was a literal game of telephone.
James Acaster: We've come to your starter, very exciting, the main show, well the start of the main show
Ed Gamble: Yeah, the start of the main show. For me it's the main show, I love starters.
Josh Gondelman: Do you have an all time favourite?
James Acaster: It's not about us
Josh Gondelman: Oh sorry, I don't mean to pry
James Acaster: Yeah, Josh, keep your fucking nose out of our business, okay?
Ed Gamble: The facade has started to slip
Josh Gondelman: So, I'm gonna start with a particular salad, there's a restaurant called Rucola in Brooklyn that has this great salad. It's escarole goat's cheese, toasted almonds and this light dressing, it's like, I looked it yup this morning, it's like a honey elderflower vinaigrette. But it's not too sweet and it's not too tangy and they don't overdo it, it's just right. I'm sometimes against a nut in a salad because it's hard to fork; you've got to scoop it, you can't just spear an almond. But it's so good and I always like to start with, I eat the vegetables first whenever I'm eating because then I will always have eaten the vegetables and it doesn't matter. Cos I know that if I get a steak or something and there's vegetables on the side then it's like, you know, that spinach might linger. But if I start with the spinach like I'll finish the steak.
Ed Gamble:
Yeah yeah, there's no way you're gonna get half way through the steak and be like, oh I overfilled on the spinach.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, oh, I should have thought this out better.
Ed Gamble: Every time josh, every time you always overfill on the spinach.
Josh Gondelman: I know, they're like, oh stop eating so much spinach, you're gonna fill up on spinach. And. oh, and may I ask, this is another question. For this meal, is there an occasion? Cos I realised, when I was thinking about it in advance, I was thinking about it as a last meal, which feels like a very American concept right, cos we still allow the state to execute people barbarically and then we give them the last meal first. Well, so, at first I was thinking about that and then I was like oh well then I might as well choose a meal that I would think afterwards I wanna die, and then I would die. But I've reimagined it as a meal that I would want to eat, and then continue living.
Ed Gamble: Yes, yeah yeah. Okay, so I think, you know, it's the Dream Restaurant so it can be whatever you want it to be, the occasion can be whatever you want.
Josh Gondelman: I'm gonna go continue living because it feels a little depressing to go like, my Dream Restaurant, they murder me after the meal
James Acaster: yeah, that would be the worst
Ed Gamble: I think that this is a continue living party
Josh Gondelman: You would have one of the best comments (?)
James Acaster: They all continue living occasion
Josh Gondelman: You would have to tip huge if they murdered you at the end of the meal
James Acaster: What?
Josh Gondelman: you would have to just give a real impressive tip
James Acaster: oh, so that they didn't murder you?
Josh Gondelman: Or if you were like, well you're gonna have to murder me when I finish eating so here's an extra $7000
Ed Gamble:
So you're paying a hit man essentially?
Josh Gondelman: Yeah essentially, right right, it's a chef/ hit man. It's a Bradley Cooper film.
James Acaster: So you're thinking that if you tip them if then they'll make it painless and quick
Josh Gondelman: yeah yeah they'll dispose of it, it's just like it's a lot of effort they have to go to
Ed Gamble: so you're starting with the salad, which it's a lighter start to the meal
Josh Gondelman: yeah, it's a lighter start
Ed Gamble: Cos you're continuing living
Josh Gondelman: I would like to continue living
James Acaster: I love your reasoning for, you know, being a bit cautious about having a nut in a salad, because it is difficult to scoop but I do love nuts in salad.
Josh Gondelman: I love the texture of it and the taste
James Acaster: They're so nice
Josh Gondelman: A walnut in a salad
Ed Gamble: oh, a toasted walnut
Josh Gondelman: oh, so good, delicious
Ed Gamble: I put a toasted walnut on something the other day, I can't remember what I was cooking all I remember was the walnut, that's the key piece of information
James Acaster: That[s how good it was
Ed Gamble: I toasted too many walnuts and then just kept eating the walnuts
Josh Gondelman: just full on walnut blackout
Ed Gamble: yeah, exactly, I just came out the other side and was like, what happened?
James Acaster: I always wanna have a nut in every mouthful of salad that, if there's nuts in the salad then I don't want a mouthful without a nut
Josh Gondelman: Same with the little goat cheese, I try to evenly distribute the cheese throughout the bite
James Acaster: you want the perfect mouthful each time
Ed Gamble: so this is another vehicle. Basically this is another dairy vehicle isn't it?
Josh Gondelman: it is, the cheese is good but I do like the escarole, the lettuce, everything, it all works together
James Acaster: what's escarole?
Josh Gondelman: it's like a big floppy lettuce.. I think? Yeah, that's how I would describe it
Ed Gamble: yeah I thought lettuce,
Josh Gondelman: it's lettuce-esque
Ed Gamble: lettuce-esque
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, it's in the lettuce realm
Ed Gamble: that's why it's called escarole, because its full name is lettuce-escarole
James Acaster: love it. I like the sound of this very much
Josh Gondelman: it's delicious, yeah
James Acaster: because I don't think that we've had a salad with nuts in it yet. When you first had this salad, were you like, 'oh, this won't be that great'? Were you like this'll be a whatever?
Josh Gondelman: yeah, I thought, we should have a salad, we were looking to split a salad, I was out with my wife Maris so we were looking to split a salad and we crossed off the ones that were objectionable to us for various reasons, too much tomato and the like, and then we were down between this and one other and we were, oh we can take a chance on this, and it is like all-time favourite salad.
James Acaster: Yeah I mean, the having a salad, I usually just do it for conscience reasons to feel better
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, exactly
Ed Gamble: for guilt purposes.
James Acaster: when you, you stumble across a good one, that is exciting
Josh Gondelman: it's a gift
James Acaster: yeah, you've found a secret. Cos you've gone to a corner of the menu no-one with, you know, an actual appetite for good times would go
Ed Gamble: there's like dust all over the salad bit, you have to blow all the dust off
Josh Gondelman: It's an ancient scroll. Is this gonna teach me how to win the game of thrones?
Ed Gamble: and you read the salad outloud and you invoke a demon
James Acaster: I love it, though, that kind of stuff
Ed Gamble: you love the salad demon?
James Acaster: I'd love to open a menu and there's like a treasure map in there
Josh Gondelman: yeah
James Acaster: like, I would love to find a treasure map so much
Josh Gondelman: oh it'd be so great! I would even love, one of those, like you turn around and on the back there's like a priceless work of art. It's like embedded in the picture and then you scratch it and it's like, oh this was painted by Picasso himself. Any kind of fancy secret. A bookcase that you pull the book
James Acaster: yeah, I'd love that. just once
Josh Gondelman: Once!
Ed Gamble: Yep, I lived in a house when I was at university and we found out there was an extra room in the house that was bricked over, so there was like a window that we couldn't work out where the window went, and there was like a wall in front of it, a little extra room
James Acaster: And you went in the secret room?
Ed Gamble: yeah there was nothing in there
James Acaster: here's a question. and I wouldn't ask this if it wasn't during your university days.
Ed Gamble: Go on.
James Acaster: Did you have a wank in the room?
Ed Gamble: No. I didn't wank in the secret room
James Acaster: okay
Josh Gondelman: I wonder what kinds of secrets were in there
James Acaster: Yeah I think most students probably
Ed Gamble: do you think most students, the first think that they do when they find a secret room would be to have a wank
James Acaster: well, no one's gonna find you in there. It's a secret room
Josh Gondelman: it is a secret room
Ed Gamble: yeah but I'd have to break down a wall, cos there wasn't a door to it, so I'd have to like break down a wall which everyone would hear
Josh Gondelman: like a horny cool aid man
Ed Gamble: there's be no way of blocking that off then, so then they'd come in and I'd just be walking in some rubble, it'd be the saddest thing
James Acaster: they'd understand, they'd go, 'ah, we see what's happened here'
Ed Gamble: 'Oh, we've already done that'
James Acaster: Yeah, we've tried
Josh Gondelman: they'd put it back. Very carefully learning how to do mortar work
James Acaster: reminiscing about the wank while they're building, rebuilding the wall, it was a good wank actually, pretty cool.
James Acaster: Hope we haven't affected your appetite now, with our wank talks
Josh Gondelman: no, it's okay
James Acaster: We were gonna talk about your main course now, so that salad has really teed you up nice to essentially do whatever you like, you know, in terms of ... you feel guilty
Josh Gondelman: oh yeah, im setting myself up to just, you know, run wild during the meal. I'm still gonna keep it pretty simple cos again, im gonna wanna live afterwards. So, I think we go lobster roll
Ed Gamble: Ah yes
Josh Gondelman: which is also an effective vehicle for butter
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah
Josh Gondelman: and lobster
James Acaster: to be fair, the lobster's in the passenger seat
Ed Gamble: yeah, the lobster gets a look in there
Josh Gondelman: yeah, the lobster headlines the role, the butter isn't even mentioned, it's like a cameo just after the credits. But yeah I love, I love a lobster roll. I grew up in a Massachusetts which is lobster roll country I think and they, so there's two kinds, the kind with, the cold kind with mayonnaise, and the warm kind with butter which I think is the preferable kind
Ed Gamble: that's the king
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, that's a good lobster roll. And you kind of, you get it at a place where, I feel like there's places you go on the beach and you're like 'god I'd like a lobster roll' and they're like $23 and then you see how much it is and it's like an entire fleet of lobsters has perished for the one roll. And there are people say, you know people say they're like a cockroach, it's like eating a cockroach of the sea, to try to harsh your good time. But to me, that just makes it sound like maybe cockroaches are also delicious. Cos lobsters are so good
James Acaster: yeah, why are we not eating cockroaches
Josh Gondelman: and yeah, I've never had a lobster like crawl our from behind my refrigerator. It's just a different relationship with them
Ed Gamble: Cockroaches can survive anything right? So you'd try to steam them like a lobster and they'd just run off
Josh Gondelman: Just, little butter tracks behind them
James Acaster: Thanks for the free butter losers!
Josh Gondelman: Bend way over and suck my dick
Ed Gamble: Bend down as far as you possibly can, bend over and suck my tiny little cockroach dick
Josh Gondelman: So lobster roll I think is where, that's where, that's the main course. So it's not too heavy but it's certainly a little decadent
Ed Gamble: Is there a specific place, from Massachusetts?
Josh Gondelman: There's a few places, my family used to go to this place called Woodman's which is like up on the north shore of Massachusetts and they would have, you'd sit outside on theses picnic benches and get all sorts of seafood, you'd get lobster and sea clams and muscles and all that and I have very fond memories of it and I don't go back that much in the summer so I always miss out. So I will routinely get my parents a gift certificate there because I know they'll go there anyway during the summer. So I'm like 'here, enjoy this meal that I know you were planning to have that's like a nice meal out'. Because otherwise I like, I really spin out buying a gift. We've gone, my family has gone onto a gift certificate based gift giving system, primarily. And I think that I've initiated that
Ed Gamble: That's such a good decision.
Josh Gondelman: It feels terrific. It's so good cos there are some places around where I live that, you know, it's a little fancy to just go and if you don't think about it in time for, oh it's my birthday ah they're already book,
oh I guess we'll go next year. And to go like oh I'm gonna get a gift certificate there so it's top of mind and lock down a reservation
James Acaster: That's fair, I do like that, I like that a lot. I think, as you get older, just it's more about time spent with each then it is about.. brilliant
Josh Gondelman: For sure! It's also like, I don't need that much stuff. And my parents don't like the same stuff that I do, so like I'll be like, hey this is pretty cool and they'll be like, we don't need these high top Jordans, like nobody, my mum is like, I'm not gonna wear those.
Ed Gamble: okay I'll take them back then
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, they are conveniently my size. Mens 10, I dunno why that was my guess for your shoe size
James Acaster: I also like the you've chosen the lobster roll and not a lobster because I am of the opinion that it is better and I don't really understand when people buy lobster and they spend ages like trying to be a surgeon and it's all a mess and I think just put it all in a roll and have a good time
Josh Gondelman: it is, it's an easier time. I do like kinda cracking it open and that feels, not in a restaurant. It feels like you know everybody else is just eating chicken with a fork and a knife and you're just ripping into it like it murdered your family. You're just like tearing it limb from limb and it just feels like really barbaric to do while other people, like if everyone's doing that then it's fine but if you're the only one that's performing that kind of like, amateur surgery, as you were saying, it's like, a little ugly
Ed Gamble: I quite like, I like cracking into the lobster. I like any food where they have to bring you a bib. I'm a big fan of that where they're like, 'we know you're gonna get messy cos all bets are off, put this child's bib on'.
Josh Gondelman: you get barbecue ribs and they bring you like, the wet naps before the meal starts. they're like, 'you're gonna get extra dirty'. Like you have napkins, you're gonna need more.
James Acaster: I don't like cracking them open because I always think that im gonna get a shard of like claw in my meat, like that's what I worry about, I worry that im gonna have a little like horrible little shard of
Ed Gamble: and what do you worry the shard will do
James Acaster: ohhh I just don't want it in my mouth, the thought of it is horrible
Ed Gamble: That's a confused bouche isn't it?
James Acaster: Yeah, that that is a confused bouche. Just the shards, imagine if someone brought that out before a meal?
Josh Gondelman: I would call it a refuse bouche cos I would want keep it out my mouth
James Acaster: We've invented so many bouches today.
Ed Gamble: so many different types of bouches
Josh Gondelman: We're in the bouche pioneers, we're bouchineers!
James Acaster: Have you ever chosen your lobster?
Josh Gondelman: I have
James Acaster: ah, what was it like?
Ed Gamble: What do you look for in a lobster? While it's still alive?
Josh Gondelman: Size is one, that's most of it because I don't know what else make's it delicious
Ed Gamble: Fight?
Josh Gondelman: like, right, if it's friskier, am I just gonna be like 'oh, I like the spirit of that one', it feels all very war lord like.
Ed Gamble: Yeah it does, yeah. but the whole thing feels very war lord like anyway,
Josh Gondelman: oh yeah for sure it does you're just like tearing it open with your hands
Ed Gamble: It's like 'you shall die', jus pointing at it in a tank
James Acaster: what would you do if you looked in a tank of lobster and there's the biggest, plumpest one and you knew you wanted it and you're about to point at it and as you're about to point at it, it looks at you and waves. Just waves its claw like, really like sweetly waves at you?
Josh Gondelman: Like, 'good to meet you'. Are we gonna, are we vibing? is this something?
Ed Gamble: Okay, I'll come and meet you but you gotta promise. I thought you were gonna say, what would you do if you looked in and it had your face.
Josh Gondelman: Oh that would be very bad, I would try to, I think I would offer them a sum of money to give it to me to not eat, if it had my face
Ed Gamble: Cos you'd need that lobster as a pet.
Josh Gondelman: yeah, or just a body double, the way Sadam Hussain used to have
James Acaster: Just send it into work
Ed Gamble: I'm not sure you'd fool the government, by going oh Josh Gondelman's gonna be at this event today. Oh, he appears to have lobster's body
Josh Gondelman: No that's true. Well, we can't shoot him, might as well boil him. All we can just trick him into a pot.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you definitely need, yeah if you saw a lobster with your face, that'd. if someone said, have you got any pets that'd
Josh Gondelman: I thought you were about to say if you were about to point at the lobster and it pointed at you like 'bring it on'. Then you would have to defeat it in single combat
James Acaster: Oh yeah, that would be scary actually
Josh Gondelman: it'd be very scary
James Acaster: All those options I think would put me off eating the lobster actually, all of them
Josh Gondelman: yeah, I would be like I'll just stick with the salad.
Ed Gamble: Just double the salad
James Acaster: More walnuts please
Ed Gamble: there's a little chain in London called Burger and Lobster which, when it opened with the, it was basically, on the menu was only a burger, lobster that you have to crack and a lobster roll. And it was like £20
Josh Gondelman: they have that here too!
Ed Gamble: Oh do they?!
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, but I think that they've expanded the menu a little bit. Which I miss the original menu, I thought that was so fun- just three choices.
Ed Gamble: I didn't know they had them here that's great
James Acaster: And their lobster roll, that was the first lobster roll I'd ever had and it still maybe my favourite lobster roll. I do go pretty nuts for it.
Ed Gamble: But yeah, they expanded the menu too much, they had a burger that they put lobster in it and I was like im having that, that's right up my street but it was too much.
James Acaster: I think that they basically just ended up being a normal restaurant but with the longest name in the world: Burger and Lobster and Lasagne and Quiche and Coleslaw and Corn on the Cob.
Josh Gondelman: And we definitely have dessert. Don't think that we don't have dessert just because we didn't say dessert yeah
Ed Gamble: And drinks!
Josh Gondelman: And beverages.. oh you're not gonna go thirsty in this restaurant! And that's all part of the name of the restaurant in parenthesis
Ed Gamble: And tables and chairs
James Acaster: And good service, a warm welcome, an amused bouche a refuse bouche.
Ed Gamble: A confused bouche
James Acaster: Your side dish, let's go with the side dish. So, are you picking a side dish based on your main?
Josh Gondelman: I am, I'm gonna go thin French fry. Well not one, like a side of French fries
Ed Gamble: A very long one
Josh Gondelman: Yeah just one that I'm gonna like a long, like a Cruella Devil cigarette. I'm just gonna hold it in my mouth. But yeah, skinny French fries that you can dunk like three at a time into ketchup.
James Acaster: I like to, at Burger and Lobster, they bring along the lobster roll. And they have the fries there, in like a big cup and then they have the butter boat with the butter in it that you can pour in your lobster roll, I like to pour a bit of that butter over the fries.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah yeah. Very luxurious. that's like a Dream Restaurant meal that you can have in real life. I almost, for my main, I almost went with a fictional food. But I've never tried it so I didn't know if it would be worth using my dream on. I almost went with the chicken from the chicken restaurant in Breaking Bad. Because people loved it so much they didn't notice that they were making that they were making meth downstairs. This is the best chicken that anyone's ever imagined.
Ed Gamble: That restaurant near you really needs to take a leaf out of that book.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, for sure!
James Acaster: If we're gonna cover this up we really need to make the food good!
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, we need to make the food better! Or people are gonna catch on to our four chair restaurant!
James Acaster: Yeah, that's one of those things where like, when Breaking Bad first came out, people would like, all the merch came out but none of it said Breaking Bad on it, so you had to have seen Breaking Bad to know the merch. So like the Heisenburg drawing or that chicken and then you'd see it and be like, 'ah cool, that person, that person's really cool'. And now, I see people with that t shirt and I'm like, 'oh, you try hard little loser. What're you wearing that chicken t shirt for?'.
Josh Gondelman: Oh yeah, for sure
Ed Gamble: What's the name of that chicken restaurant in it?
James Acaster: Pollos Hermanos
Josh Gondelman: Pollos Hermanos, right right right. A Polla Loca I said, but that's a real place. We could just have that. Yeah, right. It's, we were in, a couple of years ago we went to a wedding in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and they are still riding that Breaking Bad train hard, they have like rock candy meth like meth rock candy in gift shops and like pads and t shirts, it's all over the place.
Ed Gamble: I feel like they've not taken, like the morals from Breaking Bad necessarily. they've come away with completely the wrong thing.
Josh Gondelman: Right. Just the aesthetic.
Ed Gamble:
Yeah, they've been like, 'the meth, we sell the meth to kids'.
James Acaster: It's cool, make it blue!
Josh Gondelman: It tastes delicious
Ed Gamble: You can't put it down, it's really good stuff.
James Acaster: You guys all like meth, oh hey hey kids remember, if you see a lady in her sleep vomiting and choking on her vomit, just leave it! Don't get involved, that's the motto.
Ed Gamble: We sell edible cans of that vomit, you can recreate the scene
James Acaster: It's her vomit but she's dead now. Jessie doesn't know, don't tell him!
Josh Gondelman: It's like a, they have a Breaking Bad amusement park and one of the rides is you just let a lady die, it's very bleak. Not a lot of fun.
James Acaster: Yeah, you drink her vomit from a can and the can just says, 'don't tell jessie' on it.
Josh Gondelman: Don't tell Jessie brand lady vomit
James Acaster: Warm cans of Don't tell Jessie
Josh Gondelman: Can you throw me a hot can of DTJ?
Ed Gamble: It wouldn't fizz it would just go like
Josh Gondelman: Ohhh.. very bad.
James Acaster: So you nearly chose the chicken?
Josh Gondelman: Yep I nearly chose the chicken that doesn't even exist!
James Acaster: Fictional food is is great, there's some stuff that you just think I would like to know what that would be like
Josh Gondelman:
That's like the number one fictional food for me. I used to think, I think that this is well tried territory but in The Lion The Witch and The Wardrobe books there are all into Turkish delight which I thought was fictional but is real and not good!
Ed Gamble: Yeah, it doesn't taste good!
Josh Gondelman: And I wished it was fictional
James Acaster: Absolutely, big disappointment. I think we've spoken about it on an episode before, that's how much everyone feels the same about this
Ed Gamble: yeah yeah, especially cos they like make it sound so amazing. And cos Edmund's all wrapped up all warm in the witch's slay and then has some Turkish delight and oh, it looks amazing
Josh Gondelman: That's what that is?
Ed Gamble: Yeah it's just like oh
James Acaster: I think I must've imagined it as like, you know, this sweet that kind of makes you feel the way that hot chocolate makes you feel. So like, that has that kind of effect on you, so like proper Willy Wonka stuff.
Josh Gondelman: It's like if popcorn were called The Pharaoh's Gift
Ed Gamble: Hmmm I can think of a better name for this.
James Acaster: I think we should call this Don't Tell Jessie. That's how I feel.
Ed Gamble: I actually think, soup, real soup dumplings were ruined for me because I saw Spirited Away before I'd had soup dumplings and the soup dumplings in that film are like bags, they're like huge bags of soup and they're like slurping them in and then you actually have a soup dumpling and there's like a tea spoon of soup in them.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, they're still good but they're ruined by the movie for sure, or at least yeah.
Ed Gamble: The food in that movie is crazy, that's my dream fictional food
James Acaster: That's how someone described, I might have said this on the podcast before but I was going for a meal with some friends and it was the Chinese restaurant near their house and they said it's really good and I was like, well like what kind of stuff is it? And they said, here's how good it is', The food tastes like the food in Spirited Away looks
Josh Gondelman: Whoa, that's an incredible restaurant.
James Acaster: And we hadn't had that chat before, they didn't know that I think that that food looks amazing, but I think that again that's just taken as a given that everyone just sees that film and goes, oh I wish that food was like that
Ed Gamble: Also, we're ignoring the fact that they eat that food and they all turned into pigs. We're too busy looking at the food going 'I would happily turn into a pig for that food'
James Acaster: Yep, I would turn into a pig with my face and then walk around and turn up to meetings. I would still turn up to meetings, I would keep my appointments.
Josh Gondelman: Right, just cos you're a pig doesn't give you an excuse to blow off obligations
Ed Gamble: Also, you know you'd turn up to a meeting and the guy that you're having meetings with is also a pig he'd be like 'you have those soup dumplings?'.
Josh Gondelman: Yep, 'I have five hoofs'
James Acaster: This is my accountant, he's a lobster with my face also, I met him in a restaurant. So that's good, the fries with the lobster
Josh Gondelman: Just a pair, a natural pairing.
Ed Gamble: I feel like, in the states as well, I don't feel like we have that as much in places in the UK, a real nest of fries, you're very good at doing like a big nest
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, a lie that I tell myself frequently is that I won't finish all those French fries, and then I finish all those French fries, if I leave three behind I'm like a model of restraint, I'm Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson, I just think every French fry I don't eat is one ab that I'm growing.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah yeah, that's how it works, that's the maths.
James Acaster: He, I mean I would like him as a guest on the podcast, I don't know if he would do it, but like I would like to know what he would choose and what he eats, cos I can only imagine.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, he eats a lot of fish, I know, cos it's like lean protein, a lot of fish.
James Acaster: Oh, I have a pizza he might like, in that case. Do you think you'd get on with him?
Josh Gondelman: I bet, he seems very genial. He seems like one of those famous people that's like nice as mind of a general run and not like when the cameras are off it's like, oh you know The Rock is cooking let's get the fuck out of here.
Ed Gamble: Well, it's no, we've now found out what The Rock is cooking is fish. So when he says, can you smell what The Rock is cooking, it's like, yeah and you shouldn't be cooking it in communal areas because fish stinks and it's really antisocial.
James Acaster: You've made the rest of the room stink of fish!
Josh Gondelman: This is an office microwave, Dwayne Johnson!
James Acaster: We all smell your cooking
Ed Gamble: Get your haddock out of that office microwave.
James Acaster: And he says, know your roles, know your lobster rolls.
Ed Gamble: Know your lobster rolls, yeah
James Acaster: Maybe he was talking to you Josh
Josh Gondelman: Dwayne 'The Rock Lobster' Johnson, that's what it's short for.
James Acaster: It's short for rock lobster.
Josh Gondelman: it's an interesting abbreviation.
James Acaster: I'd love it if The Rock was short for something. It's short for rock lobster
Josh Gondelman: It's short for Baroque, Dwayne 'The Baroque' Johnson
James Acaster: It was too much for the wrestling crowd
Ed Gamble: Yeah he didn't know how that was gonna play with the WWE fans
James Acaster: It was too fancy, you can't call yourself that
Josh Gondelman: And in like the little costume sketches he's dressed as a conductor
James Acaster: 'They're not gonna get it Dwayne!'
Ed Gamble: 'Okay we're gonna have to do something about the name'.
James Acaster: 'So what about fucking pilchards, you've had pilchards today, are you shitting me Dwayne?'
James Acaster: So, we come to your drink now. Now since everything so far has kind of complemented each other I kind of feel like you're gonna go in that kind of, continue down that road.
Josh Gondelman: I think so, this is, this I think goes, it's not the most natural pairing, is, I love a dirty vodka martini with, I had one of these the other night and every time it's offered to me, I react as if I've never heard of such a wonderful thing, because I feel that way. There's a dirty vodka martini with blue cheese stuff olives.
Ed Gamble: Oh my God.
James Acaster: What!?
Josh Gondelman: yeah, oh yeah
Ed Gamble: I have never heard of that.
James Acaster: What!?
Josh Gondelman: It's so good
Ed Gamble: I am fully on board
Josh Gondelman: oh it's so good
James Acaster: What!?!? This sound crazy! you're putting cheese in your drink!
Josh Gondelman: Yep yeah. Again, another vehicle for dairy. It is thematic
James Acaster: that's the last place I thought it was gonna crop up, as well
Ed Gamble: Where did you have that?
Josh Gondelman: There's a few places, I was at a bar in Chicago this week, occasionally a steak house will have it, that's the previous time I had it to, I was out with my, I took my, my wife and I took my parents out for dinner in Boston. I think Beauty Bar on 14th street might have them. Cos you know, for an extra dollar you stuff some blue cheese in those olives and that was like a bargain at twice the price, or however much the difference, even if it was three dollars. It's such a nice treat because it complements like the salty, savoury olive-y taste, and it doesn't leak out, they pack it in.
James Acaster: Right, I was gonna say.
Josh Gondelman: No, you don't want cheese floating in your drink.
Ed Gamble: I wouldn't mind that either, to be honest.
James Acaster: Oh he'd like it
Josh Gondelman: You know, I wouldn't throw it out. I wouldn't choose, I wouldn't choose a floating cheese.
Ed Gamble: No no no, but if it popped out of the olive I'm not gonna complain.
Josh Gondelman: No, I'm not tryna skim it, like a dirty swimming pool. But it is so good and it's like so salty and savoury in like a real olive-y vodka martini.
Ed Gamble: I feel like that just sounds like gout in a drink. You know it just really, it really feels like just such an old school thing to do.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, totally
James Acaster: A king would drink it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, a king would drink it, definitely. Or in Mad Men.
Josh Gondelman: Yes. Right before, like right before you lost the use of your legs from the waist down, you just drink it and it stops working cos they just cease up with gout pain. And you're like, I deserve this. I feel the wealth coursing through my veins.
Ed Gamble: I've had a dirty oyster martini before
Josh Gondelman: I heard, that, that sounds incredible, for sure
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that was incredible as well
Josh Gondelman: This is, this is my wife's story but I hope that she doesn't mind me telling it. She went to a, went to a bar opening that was, the bar was owned by Bill Murray's son and Bill Murray was bar tending. And she said, he said, 'what do you want', and she said, 'well do you recommend', and he said 'I like to pour rosé into an oyster'. And so she said alright and so she tried it, and it was, bad.
Ed Gamble: At this point, I think Bill Murray's just really struggling with new and exciting ways to have an impact on people's lives.
Josh Gondelman: We also, separately, about two weeks ago were in a restaurant, a friend was visiting from out of town and she likes to go to this fancy place on the Upper East Side and so we went to go have dinner with her there and we saw Bill Murray across the restaurant just acting normal and we were like, 'that's the story! We got the real goods'.
Ed Gamble: Oh but if he'd spotted you looking at him he would be like, 'oh God, I'm gonna have to to do something crazy right now. I've done the rosé in an oyster shell'.
Josh Gondelman: right, he puts a sock on his hand starts eating his food with the sock like a puppet. Oh Bill Murray, your life is a prison of your own creation.
Ed Gamble: 'I'm gonna have to do Guinness in a clam shell, I've run out of stuff.'
Josh Gondelman: 'Oh, just waterboard a lobster head with a tequila, is that anything? Oh, I'm out of ideas'.
Ed Gamble: 'Oh, I'm gonna have to check Reddit tomorrow and see if anyone saw me do this'.
James Acaster: Just crying as he's doing it, 'do you all notice me now, please tell everyone you saw me'.
Ed Gamble: 'I'm crazyyyy!'
Josh Gondelman: 'I was an original ghost buster'
James Acaster: 'My name's Bill!'
Ed Gamble: Aw, that's the saddest thing that he's shouting, in this little riff; my name's Bill.
Josh Gondelman:
Not being recognised, imagine Bill Murray doing that and not being recognised, he just like takes a roll off your plate and takes a bite out of it and winks at you; `Hey, what the fuck was that man?'
Ed Gamble: 'My name is Bill!!'
James Acaster: 'My name is ahhhh'
Josh Gondelman: 'I don't care if your name is Mom, get out of here!'
James Acaster: 'Bend down, at the waist...'. Oh, Bill Murray.
James Acaster: Before we move on from the drink, how many olives are in there and when are you eating them?
Josh Gondelman: Three and I pace them throughout, in the walnut style. Try to even it out so I drink, I don't start with an olive you know I'll drink about a third, and then either I'lll eat the last one either right before I've finished or right after I've finished the drink.
James Acaster: Are you able, when you have ordered this drink, to drink it in peace without people going, 'what, is there fucking blue cheese in that?', and questioning you about it.
Josh Gondelman: I've never been accosted about it before, but I think if someone did I'd be like, yeah you've gotta get on this train.
Ed Gamble: That's immediately gone to the top of the list of things I have to find when I'm in New York.
James Acaster: I can see it in his eyes that he really wants it.
Josh Gondelman: I think Beauty Bar has it, which is like, not, it's not hard, you know it's not like a place that you have to make reservations or anything you just go in, and they do manicures and stuff and it's like a cute place.
Ed Gamble: Amazing, we should go get a manicure and a martini.
James Acaster: Yeah, I mean I don't want either of those things but I'm gonna do `em. I'll happily do it in my New York experience. I'll do it, I'll drink that and have my nails done.
Josh Gondelman: A classic New York experience. imagine just like, that's what New York City's all about, getting your nails and drinking a martini that has just cheese in it. It's just a weird impression.
Ed Gamble:
Oh yeah, I did all the standard touristy things, I had my cheese martini and got my nails done at the same time.
Josh Gondelman: Sat on the couch with Josh's dog, just the Josh Gondelman tour of New York City.
James Acaster: People walking past the nail bar and going, 'I remember when that used to be a creche'.
James Acaster: Your dessert now, so very exciting for me but also I'm a bit scared cos I get very, sometimes people order silly things that aren't sweet for dessert, I'm very passionate about dessert but you've had quite a lot of, you've snuck cheese already where I thought there wasn't gonna be cheese.
Josh Gondelman: It's been very savoury. I'm not, not even a cheesecake. There's no cheese in my dessert. I'm not one of those people that's like, we'll get a cheese plate with some apple slices and that's dessert.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, that drives James crazy.
James Acaster: I go crazy.
Josh Gondelman: I fully understand that.
James Acaster: Thank you, thank you very much.
Josh Gondelman: Are you a cheese dessert person?
Ed Gamble: I like it but also, you're gonna be able to associate with this because your wife is type one diabetic, sometimes if you want something and your just hungry, it's just easier, you know, admin wise, to get a bit of cheese. you don't have to do any insulin for it really and it's just yeah, but then
Josh Gondelman: Right, high fat, low sugar
Ed Gamble: But then I also enjoy a dessert as well but sometimes I order cheese just to annoy James.
James Acaster: Yep, it works, every time.
Josh Gondelman: Very effective
James Acaster: Yep, and I know he's doing it to annoy me and I shouldn't give him the satisfaction but, straight away, I go through the roof Josh, I go through the roof.
Josh Gondelman:
So, I'm torn. My one thing is my we have a great family recipe for apple pie which is Great warm with vanilla ice cream and I have a real nostalgia for it. When I was a child I didn't like the soft apples so my uncle who had celiac couldn't eat the crust so he would eat the apples and I would eat the crust, which is a very warm childhood memory. And so that's one thing, the other one, and I don't generally like other apple pies, it's just the family recipe is my favourite. And the other one is, if my wife is here, if I'm eating solo that's what I'll I'll indulge your, I'll ask your genie powers to indulge me this family recipe for apple pie. If my wife is with me, we didn't talk about the rest of her meal, but I know that her ideal would be for dessert, one of her two ideals, this is what we would get it's the, one of those molten chocolate lava cakes that's like a cake with the warm chocolate on the inside. And like two times a year she will have that, like on our anniversary and her birthday she'll take extra insulin and have that and the look on her face when she eats like her twice yearly molten chocolate lava cake is one of my favourite times of the whole year so that is, so that's where I'll go for dessert.
James Acaster: That's a very sweet choice, in more ways than one
Ed Gamble: That's so nice that you've picked you, you've picked your dessert for the look on your wife's face.
Josh Gondelman: It's my favourite. I think about it often and I make sure that when we order it that I get to watch her eat. I try not to be a creep that's just like, 'hmmm yeah eat the cake'. But I do kinda out of the corner of my eye, I'll be eating but really like just looking at what she's doing.
Ed Gamble: That's so nice.
James Acaster: You're thinking to yourself, this cake tastes disgusting but look how happy she is
Josh Gondelman: She doesn't know, she only eats cake twice a year, it's like, this cake is dog shit.
Ed Gamble: I can't believe I've let her eat that cake, all I wanted was my apple pie crust. That was my dream.
Josh Gondelman: I just wanted an empty pie crust.
Ed Gamble: She never looks at my face when I'm eating my empty pie crust.
Josh Gondelman: She can't even make eye contact she's so ashamed of me. It's like this isn't The Great Depression you can eat the whole slice, you don't have to save the apples in a bag for later to feed to a starving horse.
James Acaster: Thank God I've found that secret room in my house so that I can eat the pie crust in peace.
Ed Gamble: And then.. who knows?
Josh Gondelman:
They've made a whole film about it then.
James Acaster: That's very nice.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that's lovely
James Acaster: You know, that's very nice that you get to see your wife eating the molten chocolate lava cake. Also, this morning on our way here we were talking about how we think that's probably the most chosen dessert on the podcast. Although, everyone hasn't said the same reason.
Josh Gondelman: Yeah, they like to watch my wife eating, these mother fuckers, nobody watches my wife eating cake.
James Acaster: Everyone's just been like, well, first of all, a molten chocolate lava cake, and I know this goes without saying but bring Gondelman's wife, get his wife in.
Ed Gamble: He's so nice, he won't mind.
James Acaster: Yeah it's her birthday!
Josh Gondelman: All these meals take place on my wife's birthday.
James Acaster: Everyone must always assume that it's your wife's birthday
Josh Gondelman: So, you're in the Dream Restaurant, it's September 5th.
James Acaster: The insulin is flowing.
Ed Gamble: The insulin comes down a sort of frozen vodka luge.
James Acaster: Oh that'd be great!
Ed Gamble: Is there a place in New York that does the best molten lava cake?
Josh Gondelman: You know, I don't, I don't remember off hand. I should look it up and let you guys know if you wanted to have it.
James Acaster: This is gonna become an obsession now because I don't know what order these episodes are gonna go out in, who knows, I hope that the listeners appreciate that we don't know but, but all we can talk about is what's happened in our lives so far. And this is the second episode that we've done
in New York and the first one we've done is with Catherine Cohen, she also chose chocolate molten lava cake as dessert.
Josh Gondelman: Oh fascinating
James Acaster: We asked her where the best one is in New York, she didn't know.
Josh Gondelman: Wow
James Acaster: So this is now, so now it's two for two I'm becoming quite obsessed with finding the best chocolate molten lava cake in New York. I really want to know what it is now.
Ed Gamble: I have another quick question before we read the order back. Where would you recommend, one place to go and eat in New York that we could go and we'll follow up on it.
James Acaster: That's a good question Ed.
Josh Gondelman: Ooh, let me think. What, are there things where you've been like, 'oh I really need to get this while I'm in town?'.
Ed Gamble: Not, I kind of want to try some new places for a bit
James Acaster: As I've said, this is a staying alive meal, you get to continue stay being alive afterwards, but imagine people are like, this is it, you can go, it's your last meal but you have to go to a particular place.
Josh Gondelman: Right, Mission Chinese is a great choice so far, I would say there's a really, I don't know if it's the best place but I've always been really happy with the, they have pho and bahn mi at this place called Saigon Shack on McDougall Street and that's a that's a fun spot.
James Acaster: That's cool cos we haven't got anything like that planned
Ed Gamble: Yep, let's do it.
James Acaster: So thank you very much
Josh Gondelman: You're welcome
James Acaster: Now, we're gonna read you, gonna read you back your order, see how you feel about it, see how you feel. So, a water, tap water, absolutely, loads of ice.
Josh Gondelman: Thank you.
James Acaster: Poppadoms or bread, you chose a wholegrain roll with a honey salted butter. Starter, escarole salad from Rucola. Main, lobster roll, loads of butter. Side, thin French fries with ketchup. Your drink, a dirty vodka martini with blue cheese stuffed olives times three. Dessert chocolate molten lava cake, on your wife's birthday with a good view of her face.
Josh Gondelman: I hate when she obscures her face
James Acaster: It's no fun for me if you don't look at me!
Josh Gondelman: Behind kind of a fan or something.
Ed Gamble: It's like when you call and book you have to say 'I'd like the table with the best view of my wife's face please'.
James Acaster: Also, I think because
Josh Gondelman: She eats across the room also, she eats at a separate table.
James Acaster: You get out your binoculars
Ed Gamble: Yeah, her birthday is the only time she turns her chair around.
James Acaster: Yeah 'okay, get a good look, you happiness perve'
Josh Gondelman: 'Oh I bet you wish you were in the secret room right now'. I'm sorry, I interrupted what you were saying.
James Acaster: No, well I think because you've chosen such a nice reason for your dessert, I think it would be nice of the restaurant if we throw in the pie crust and even the Breaking Bad chicken.
Ed Gamble: Yes. There we go you can have that as a little
Josh Gondelman: Thank you, this is a dream
James Acaster: Yes, that's a lesson for everybody, that maybe if we all thought about others a little more we'd get what we want
Ed Gamble: We'd get a pie crust
James Acaster: Yes, we'd all get a pie crust and some fictional chicken
Josh Gondelman: An empty pie crust
Ed Gamble: Yep. Thanks so much for coming to The Dream Restaurant Josh
Josh Gondelman: Thank you for having me, this was so much fun!
Ed Gamble: There we are then, the Off Menu menu of Josh Gondelman
James Acaster: Mmmm mmm, yumma yumma
Ed Gamble: Yumma yumma indeed, what a lovely guy, what a funny man and what a great episode.
James Acaster: Oh, it had it all
Ed Gamble: Well, what it didn't have was chicken feet
James Acaster: Thank you Josh, otherwise we would have had to send him out on his little chicken feet
Ed Gamble: That would've broken my heart.
James Acaster: Ah, it would, I would have felt really bad if he was like 'oh I just want to have a chocolate pudding and see my wife's face, also a side of chicken feet'. 'Get the fuck out of our restaurant Josh'.
Ed Gamble: 'What's your wife's face gonna do when she finds out you were kicked out of the Dream Restaurant, scuttle away on your little claws Josh'.
James Acaster: Yeah, I would have felt so awful cos I would have had to have said all that stuff as well.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah, James gets nasty when he kicks people out of the restaurant.
James Acaster: But, not Josh Gondelman, we kept him in and I m so happy. He's a great guy.
Ed Gamble:
Yep, if you like the sound of Josh, and who wouldn't, go and check him out on twitter he's @JoshGondelman, and he also runs the very funny Seinfeld today twitter account which is @SeinfeldToday
James Acaster: Yes, one of the few things I miss about twitter
Ed Gamble: And if you go onto twitter there's lots of clips that he's done on sort of late night talk shows, he's very funny, he also has a stand up comedy album called Dancing on a Week Night which is very very funny indeed. And he writes and produces on a show called Desus & Meiro and used to work on Last Week Tonight. His CV is huge!
James Acaster: Oh, that is impressive! And now, he's been on the Off Menu podcast, add that to the CV Josh.
Ed Gamble: Exactly, we should try and convince him to come and do a run in London, I think he'd go down very well.
James Acaster: Yes, people would love him.
Ed Gamble: They would indeed. Well, keep bothering him, bothering him on twitter to come to London, if that's where you're listening. But otherwise, thank you very much for listening, I love you so much, good bye.
James Acaster: Good bye.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu Podcast where we heat the oil of conversation and plunge our guests in until they're a nice crispy golden brown.
James Acaster: Ooh.
Ed Gamble: Yeah? We're sort of frying I guess.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah, I like it. Most people might say you grill a guest which is also a food thing, you know, but we fry `em apparently.
Ed Gamble: Oh yep.. oh man, I'll do that another day. That's great, thanks James.
James Acaster: Don't worry.
Ed Gamble: You grill a guest, that works so perfectly. How have I not? We fry them, we fry them until they're crispy, that's what we do.
James Acaster: Yeah. We invite our guests into the Dream Restaurant and ask them they're favourite ever
Ed Gamble: Sorry mate, let me kick myself a little bit longer there.
James Acaster: I don't want to let you beat yourself up, you know, you don't deserve it, you're a hard-working boy. You deliver, you deliver at the very top of your game constantly, you know.
Ed Gamble: Does that work for anything else, do you steam a guest?
James Acaster: No, you don't steam a guest, you don't bake it. You grill 'em, you grill 'em.
Ed Gamble: Baking a guest.
James Acaster: But like don't worry about it, you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
Ed Gamble: Ooh, this guy's good
James Acaster: Yeah, we ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert
Ed Gamble: That'll be, when we do a TV show of this we should call it 'James and Ed Grill' and then dot dot dot and its like a long form interview with with someone, 'James and Ed Grill', I dunno, Prince Philip.
James Acaster: Yep, 'James and Ed Grill', it doesn't sound very like, it doesn't really like, it doesn't roll off the tongue. It sounds a bit clunky.
Ed Gamble: Fine, 'Ed Grills Prince Phillip'
James Acaster: Ed grills, yeah
Ed Gamble: James bastes
James Acaster: But then people will think you're like Bear Grylls, you're his brother.
Ed Gamble: Ooh. That works perfectly! Bear Grylls, but we're grilling Bear! So on this occasion we're grilling Bear, Bear doesn't grill anything
James Acaster: See! You're back on the top of your game now
Ed Gamble: Grills Bear.. 'Ed and James Grill Bear', that doesn't sound clunky.
James Acaster: Yeah well done. You feel like you're back on form now?
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, top of the tree mate.
James Acaster: You feeling good about yourself? Feeling confident? Cos this is the last episode of the series we're going into a big interview here.
Ed Gamble: Yep. Anyway James, who are we deep frying this week on the Off Menu podcast?
James Acaster: Joe Wicks!
Ed Gamble: Grilled, I should have said grilled. Yes, it's Joe Wicks everybody! Of course.
James Acaster: We ask Joe Wicks' favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink.
Ed Gamble: It's Joe Wicks: national lockdown institution.
James Acaster: Oh yes, he's secured his place in the history books, which is more than can be said for this couple of saddos.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, we are outta here. I was thinking the other day, when I'm like a really old man, if I've got grandkids or whatever, no one's going, 'ooh, old uncle Ed, or old Granddad Ed the comedian', they're finding that out later from like a picture in an attic
James Acaster: After you're dead and then they'll dust it off
Ed Gamble: Yeah, and then they're going, ooh, apparently he was a comedian, he was such a, he was such a boring old saddo.
James Acaster: Oh, he was a comedian actually and then they'll research it and they'll go, and probably this'll be the episode that they hear for the first time, they go 'fries?! what the hell, Granddad Ed you idiot. He was bad!'
Ed Gamble: You didn't need much to be a comedian back in those days. Anyway, ooh look there's some Joe Wicks videos here, let's watch those, he's a proper institution.
James Acaster: Yes, I mean I'm very much looking forward to hearing what Joe Wicks likes to eat, he's helped the nation be healthier and keep fit during this pandemic but, you know, what's the fuel that's er, stoking that fire. No fuelling that, oh no it's catching
Ed Gamble: Oh man, fuel stoking that fire, yeah no but I guess that works.
James Acaster: The fuel that's getting the fire burning
Ed Gamble: What fuel is he using to power his engine, sounds a bit sexy that.
James Acaster: I tell you what though Ed, one bit of fuel that if he's fuelling the fire, we're gonna have to kick him out of the restaurant, we have a secret ingredient every week, an ingredient that we don't like and if a guest says it, they're out on their ass. And this week the secret ingredient is Lucozade sport.
Ed Gamble: Lucozade sport. I hope this isn't on his meal James.
James Acaster: We're playing dirty.
Ed Gamble: We are playing dirty actually. Because there's a high chance, you know the guy need fuelling like that. Maybe he's come to love the taste of Lucozade sport. Look, hands up, I always have a Lucozade sport knocking around because when I go for a long run I like to be able to hydrate and
keep my blood sugar levels up. And Lucozade sport is the best thing for that, but I wouldn't have it with my meal.
James Acaster: But will Joe Wicks, will he be the Joel Dommett, will he follow in those footsteps? Joel had a protein shake. Joe Wicks is even healthier than Joel, is he gonna go Lucozade sport? We'll see.
Ed Gamble: Yep. Well I hope he doesn't because of course Joe Wicks' new book is coming out tomorrow and we'd love a chance to chat about it more. And that's called Joe's Family Food, and that comes out on the tenth of June. If you're listening to this on the day this comes out, that's tomorrow, go get Joe Family Food, it's food for the family, I don't know if he's thought of that catch phrase yet, you're welcome to it Joe.
James Acaster: Well, well, you are not on your game today and I really hope that we pull off this interview because it's on shaky ground already.
Ed Gamble: Hey Joe, I hope that you enjoy grilling people's families.
James Acaster: Okay that's not.. okay.. Ed
Ed Gamble: This is the Off Menu menu of
Both: Joe Wicks!
Ed Gamble: Joe Wicks welcome to The Dream Restaurant.
Joe Wicks: Thank you for having me. Mate, do you know what, I've written down my menu and I'm just like, if this existed, I'd be there every day of the week, it's just like my favourite food ever.
Ed Gamble: Oh amazing, great. Oh, here he is, the waiter has arrived.
James Acaster: Welcome Joe Wicks to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Joe Wicks: Well thanks for having me, I mean it's, I was always wondering will I ever get invited onto this podcast because I am obviously obsessed with my food.
James Acaster: Now listen mate, I'm going to ask you this upfront.
Ed Gamble: Go on
James Acaster: Are you going to mug me off on dessert later?
Joe Wicks: Now look, mate, people think I don't like dessert, I'm a massive, I've got a big sweet, I've got a very sweet tooth. I love my chocolate, I love my ice cream, trust me, my dessert's very sweet, very sticky very sweet.
James Acaster: Listen, I wouldn't normally ask people that up top but, you're a healthy man and I was thinking I'm gonna be tense all episode, I'm gonna be tense for the whole thing if I don't ask it straight out the gate because I know that if you had chosen something else or passed on the dessert I'd have flipped out and you're a national hero and that would not have looked good on me. So I was gonna be really tense all episode if I didn't ask that out the gate.
Joe Wicks: No there's no way I'm missing dessert mate. I've got a very sweet tooth and I would like, to be honest, I sometime start my meal with a dessert, flip I ground and have a pudding to start with
James Acaster: Let's do it, we'll start with dessert today Ed
Ed Gamble: No, oh come one, whoa whoa whoa come on. Look, don't get excited, we're not here to flip it round.
James Acaster: Oh, so you're the square?
Ed Gamble: Don't, look, I'm the square? Of course I am I just think, look, I know you'd relaxed you're happy now, cos there's always the worry Joe that we get someone who's world is fitness on and they're gonna be like, 'oh, I'll have an egg', and then I'll leave.
Joe Wicks: Oh no, not me, mate. I've got, mate, to be honest, mine's very, deep fried, it's very very high, highly calorific, but I, I love my food, and to be honest because I exercise so much I can get away with it. Maybe you'll be surprised by some of my choices, you might've thought I was gonna go for a salad and a vegetable risotto but I've gone all in on this.
James Acaster: Love it! And we're starting with dessert, this is a great week.
Ed Gamble: Is this like a cheat day thing? Is that something that you do, do you have a cheat day?
Joe Wicks: Not really have a cheat day as such, I'm more just like, I just live my life and I love my food so I, you know, I miss going into restaurant. But if I was gonna go into a restaurant, these are the kind of things that I can't cook at home, I can't make this myself I can't create food like this with the taste and the flavours and all the kind of ingredients. So this is really like, you know, death row meal/ wedding day dinner really. If I was to have my dream wedding day and to be honest, a lot of this stuff was at my wedding.
Ed Gamble: It's amazing that that you've put those two things together Joe, that you've gone, death row meal/ wedding. That you're at your wedding day going, 'this is what I'd have if I was about to be killed'.
James Acaster: Or if they were on the same day, imagine that! You're there in your prison cell but they get you married first and then they're like, right, walk the green mile.
Joe Wicks: It happens, a lot of convicts get married on death row you know, you see it in the movies.
James Acaster: Yeah, yeah, a lot of them. Very popular. This is exciting now, I'm glad that we're starting on dessert, we're gonna do that first, first time we've ever done that on the podcast that's exciting. Also, you said like you're a big food fan, I was gonna ask if you watch like a lot of food videos on YouTube, or, cos you've got a lot people through the pandemic, through the lockdown, thank you for that, who's been getting you through? Who's your Joe Wicks?
Joe Wicks: Yeah mate, I'm obsessed with all, I love all those Instagram accounts with like the food, I love, you know those like steak videos with them cutting up the steak and putting all the sauce on it. But the new one I'm obsessed with is a guy called Men with Pot. Have you seen that?
Both: No
Joe Wicks: So it's an Instagram account called Men with Pot and like, he'll like kayak out into the forest and like make a fire and then make like a beautiful burrito or like a home-made taco or a steak and it's all done on like one of those cast iron pans, but he shoots it, it's like so, it's like really, almost relaxing, it's like therapeutic watching it and then he'll go into like yeah the jungle or the woods and it's very nature, sort of out in nature, but he makes the most incredible food, follow, it's called Men with Pot, yeah you're gonna love that. Good Instagram.
James Acaster: Men with pot?
Joe Wicks: Yeah Men with Pot. Cos he's got a pot, you know like a pot
James Acaster: What were you originally searching for when you found that?
Joe Wicks: Looking to get baked, weren't I? Yeah I don't know, I just came across it but my Instagram explorer is normally like guitars, because I love guitars, it's like motor bikes because I've got a few motorbikes and then it'll be food, like that' say kind of explore page. It's a real insight into like personality, like what is someone into, when you see the explore page you realise what you're looking at and what you're kind of hovering around on. So, food's a big part of, sort of, of my world really. Obviously I started with fitness and then I kind of lent onto the cooking and the books but I feel like I've come sort of almost back round with the fitness. But I've always been someone that combines two, I think that it's important to love your food and enjoy cooking but also combine it with a healthy lifestyle, because that way you can be active, stay lean and healthy and have the best of both.
Ed Gamble: I tend to watch like a lot of fitness or exercise videos if I'm not doing a lot of fitness and if I'm eating really healthily I'll watch a load of food videos. So it's basically, whatever I'm restricting, I'll spend about eight hours a day watching, which doesn't feel healthy.
Joe Wicks: I like your t shirt, I like your Original Pirate material t shirt, that's cool.
James Acaster: Thank you very much Joe, it's nice to get a complement on the t shirt. While you are in your Dream Restaurant, what music is playing? What would be your favourite music to have on in the restaurant?
Joe Wicks: Oh, that's a good one, because I'm so diverse with my music, thank God for Spotify and the recommended radio and stuff cos I find new artists all the time which I love. I found this band in Australia called the Teskey Brothers and they're amazing, cos Ferne Cotton said it's one of her favourite bands. So I sort of listen to the Teskey Brothers and they did a collaboration with this guy called Bahamas, he's a Canadian guy, really lovely chilled music. A bit like Jack Johnson kind of vibe but just beautiful like acoustic music. So yeah I listen to that but then I love old sort of Tamala Motown, I love Marvin Gaye, Stevie Wonder, I love all that. But if I was gonna go to a restaurant, I don't like the ones where it's pumping loud, like you go to Vegas and you're sitting in a restaurant and it's like, it feels like a night club and you're like this is a bit much. But yeah, maybe some nice Motown would be nice set the set the tone.
James Acaster: Yeah, we can put some Motown on
Ed Gamble: Yeah just put it gently in the background, I agree, you don't want it to be too loud, you want to be able to have a conversation
Joe Wicks: Yeah, definitely, and you know when it's a bit dark and a bit dingy and you're like oh, I need a little bit of light cos you've got your phone out and you're tryna eat your food and stuff. I like restaurants that are kind of, they've got atmosphere but they aren't like proper dark night, like I went to, I think it was the Hakkasan in Vegas and it was just so dark and so, it was a bit like weird, I just wanted to be in a night club. But yeah, I do miss eating out, that's one of the things I've booked so many restaurants now obviously the rules are restricting I'm like, I'm like banging the orders in getting loads of tables booked for me and my friends and my mum and dad and stuff.
Ed Gamble: Give us a rundown, where have you booked?
James Acaster: All the restaurants in Vegas
Joe Wicks: I'm going to Sushi Samba in Covent Garden with my wife which we like
James Acaster: In The Shard
Joe Wicks: They do the outdoor terrace, we can eat some, eat some sushi. I'm then going to a place called Beaverbrook Hotel, which is in Leatherhead, it's outside of London but they've got an amazing like outdoor garden house restaurant where they grow the food on the allotment it's quite like farm to table style which is amazing.
Ed Gamble: Oh nice.
Joe Wicks: And I've also booked a table at Chameleon, it's actually just opened up, my friend's opening a restaurant in London in April so I'm gonna go there, it's like Turkish kind of Iranian inspired food, like mezze sort of stuff so that'll be wonderful.
James Acaster: Sounds very good. How long were you in Vegas for? Before we get into the proper meal.
Joe Wicks: Well I've got a place in Santa Monica so I spend, I normally spend a few months of the year out there and then if I'm there I'll like meet my friends, we'll do like two or three days and I've been there for my thirtieth and that so I've had a couple of trips there. But I love it, it's just a place to go, like I've been with my friends and we have a great time but I've also been with my wife, we spend a weekend there, we've got to pool parties and stuff, like we love it still. We enjoy the food as well, the restaurant scene is really good in Vegas actually, they've got some really nice restaurants there.
Ed Gamble: I'm obsessed Joe and I, I doubt you've been there but I think about it a lot. I've never been to Las Vegas but the first place that I'd want to go is the Heart Attack Grill.
Joe Wicks: I haven't been but Rosie's shown me some photos, she went there on a trip once but yeah you get like the heart attack burger and its like twenty thousand calories and apparently if you eat it you get spanked or something, or no, if you don't eat it you get spanked by someone in there. There's people going round all like dressed up in all kinky outfits. But yeah it does, mate to be honest, I love deep fried food, so I love chips, I love you know chicken nuggets not chicken nuggets but I like you know like fried buttermilk chicken burgers and arancini, all that sort of stuff, I do like fried foods but its not something I'd eat all the time. it doesn't agree with me all the time, I feel a bit rough the next day.
Ed Gamble: Also at the heart attack grill there's some scales outside and you weigh yourself when you go in and I think if you're over four hundred pounds then you get your whole meal for free.
James Acaster: Is that true?
Joe Wicks: Oh yeah, that's pretty shocking I remember that. Yeah no that's true cos they're basically like promoting obesity which is pretty hardcore over there.
Ed Gamble: It's sort of the opposite of a sort of Joe Wicks lifestyle really isn't it?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, I don't know if that would work over here.
Ed Gamble: If people arrive there going, oh, I've been doing Joe Wicks everyday I have to pay for my meal.
James Acaster: Extra, you've got to pay extra.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: Also, I feel like if there's a burger where if you fail to finish it someone comes around and spanks you wearing a load of kinky gear, I think calling it The Heart Attack burger is kind of, you know, misselling it a little bit cos that's not the main thing is it, the fact you might have a heart attack if you eat it, it's the fact that if you don't eat it you're gonna get whipped.
Ed Gamble: Also, there's definitely loads of people in there deliberately not finishing their burger right?
James Acaster: Yeah
James Acaster: So, we're gonna start your meal now with your dessert, very exciting.
Ed Gamble: Are we not even doing, do you not want to do water first or are you just going straight in with dessert?
Joe Wicks: I'd normally have a glass of water first
Ed Gamble: There we go
Joe Wicks: Let's kick things off with water and then we'll go with dessert
Ed Gamble: Yeah, look, it's Joe's meal so
James Acaster: Fine, still or sparkling water Joe?
Joe Wicks: I'm a still water kind of guy with just a little bit of fresh lemon on the side will be nice.
Ed Gamble: On the side?
Joe Wicks: I like, you know like you bring it over in a little bowl and I just stick it in myself.
Ed Gamble: I love it, we've never had that specification on the podcast before. Normally I think people assume that the lemon's coming in the water, but you're, you're getting the lemon on the side, I like this detail.
James Acaster: Yeah
Joe Wicks: Well sometimes like you say, 'can I have some lemon?', and they just sort of bring it over, they do it after and they're like, 'oh, we'll bring you some over' and it's like just cut into little slices right, isn't it?
James Acaster: Do you want a slice or a wedge?
Joe Wicks: Either or really. Either or. Like, a bit of ice a little slice of lemon and we're good to, then we're good to crack on with the dinner.
Ed Gamble: Have you found in the past that people have over lemoned your water which is why now you prefer it on the side so that you can do it yourself?
James Acaster: That's a good question.
Joe Wicks: No, not really, sometimes they do the old cordial trick, stick a bit of lemon cordial in it, a bit of lime cordial in it and you're sort of like, hm, I don't mind that but I would have rather a bit of fresh, fresh lime and lemon. To be honest I'm normally straight in for the gin and tonic so I, I'll have a little glass of water on the side but it's mainly a gin and tonic kind of affair isn't it, when you eat out.
Ed Gamble: Well, we can do that.
James Acaster: If you want a gin and tonic straight away we can do that for you.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, let's chuck the water out of the window and we can get you a gin and tonic. Well I'd imagine that you're a very well hydrated man anyway so we can just tuck straight into the gin if you want.
James Acaster: You wouldn't give a merman a glass of water when he's just got out of the water. He's been under there for ages.
Joe Wicks: A gin and tonic would be a nice little kicker, just to liven me up a little bit, but that, that's not my main drink, I'm saving my main drink for later yeah.
Ed Gamble: That's fine, you can have the gin and tonic instead of the water.
James Acaster: Looks like water anyway, no one will know the difference. Speaking of slices of lemon though, you know what I think is one of the most beautiful things and not enough people appreciate how beautiful it looks, is a wedge of lemon that's been cut and then left in the fridge and I love how it then goes over time and it just looks like a perfect, like a sculpture, the way that the skin goes, the membrane over the fruit and it just, it adopts a kind of like sheen to it, it looks so immaculate and perfect.
Ed Gamble: I don't know
Joe Wicks: What, like a rotten lemon?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, thank you Joe. I mean I know me and Joe are thinking exactly the same thing when you were describing that, you're talking about an old lemon. You're talking about like, it's the same as saying I leave, oh I love to leave a bit of cheese out and wait until it gets that beautiful green colour on it.
James Acaster: Well, well I don't like to leave a piece of cheese out.
Ed Gamble: It's the same thing
James Acaster: But like, this looks beautiful, like, you know what I'm talking about!
Ed Gamble: No, it doesn't look beautiful.
James Acaster: I'm not talking about a mouldy lemon
Joe Wicks: A lemon, I sort of get em, I use it straight away so I haven't really observed one over a few days so I'll have a look, I'll do a test, I'll do a test with my next one.
James Acaster: Not a few days! I'm not leaving them for a few days! Like maybe a while
Ed Gamble: That sounds like a its going to be a very disappointing live stream for you Joe, people are tuning in expecting another workout and you're going, 'today we're gonna observe a lemon over a few days'.
Joe Wicks: You've got to time lapse haven't you really, you've got to time lapse that one.
James Acaster: Gin and tonic, what're your measures in there?
Joe Wicks: I'm normally a two for one, a double, I like a double, I've got a little gin collection at the moment I'm obsessed with like flavoured gin so I normally, to be honest, I free pour most of my drinks but I normally have like a double shot with like one Mediteranean FeverTree Tonic. I like a bit of fruit so I put like a few raspberries or blueberries or something in it just so it's like a bit of a fruit salad at the end, I like that. And my kids come up to me always like tryna get the gin infused raspberries off me and they're only like two, I'm like, you can't have my gin infused raspberries, oh alright, have one.
Ed Gamble: Have one and see how you react
James Acaster: Oh that went badly, okay fine.
Joe Wicks: Do you want to see my little gin bar?
Ed Gamble: Yes please!
James Acaster: Yes.
Joe Wicks: So I moved into this house in July last year and the previous owners had a bar built. And I mean,I would never have a bar built in my house but I thought Im keeping that, so I've got loads of gin over there, I've got my own little gin bar, see my little gin bar,
James Acaster: Ooh! That's a proper bar!
Ed Gamble: That's amazing!
Joe Wicks: It's a proper bar! And I haven't been able to have like any family and friends over cos we've not been able to like, obviously because of the restrictions, I can't wait to like get my friends round and have a proper, proper little party and a little gin cocktail and stuff. But yeah, it's a nice thing to have cos it's a social room but we don't really come in here cos it's now where I listen to and record my podcast, believe it or not.
Ed Gamble: It's quite tricky to sit at a bar in your house by yourself, it must be quite a sort of sad, bleak feeling I'd imagine.
Joe Wicks: Yeah, I do come in here and pour one. So my little daughter Indie right, she's so funny, she basically, she thinks she's having a gin and tonic, she calls it a 'ginton' and she like 'can I have a ginton daddy' and so I bring her in, I pretend to pour the gin and then I put a little bit of tonic water in a cup and I put some ice and some berries in so she really just loves the berries and the flavour of the tonic. But she's obsessed, and she said the other day, it was so funny we did some face painting, we painted our faces, and it was really early, it was only like four o'clock, and obviously I normally have my gins in the evening so we have like one a night sort of thing and she went 'oh daddy daddy can we have an early ginton', and it was the way she said it she was so excited, so we cracked up laughing and now we call it an early ginton if we have it before like five o'clock. But I've got like a pink grapefruit one, there's mango and rhubarb, but gin, I never used to touch gin I was literally like vodka and lemonade or vodka and coke and now like as I've grown up, I just love gin now, I think it's wonderful.
James Acaster: Also, she's properly acting like an adult when they discover gin, just asking for it all the time and then just eventually being like, 'can we have an early one? Let's have an early one. Let's do that, come on, come on guys'.
Joe Wicks: Yeah and she went to school, she went to nursery and said 'oh, me and daddy make a ginton in the bar' and then like, I said to the nurse, 'it is only a tonic she's having but she thinks it's, we keep playing it up, keep it up, telling her she's having a ginton'.
Ed Gamble: That's so funny. I had to write a story when I was a kid at school, and for some reason I chose a story when it was someone digging up treasure on an island and they kept finding, just, instead of the treasure just chests full of like empty vodka bottles and then empty gin bottles and then empty whiskey bottles. And I told my mum and she was like, 'what are you, what are you doing, they're gonna think I'm a massive alcoholic'. Like clearly everything at home was just clinking empty spirit bottles.
Joe Wicks: That's standard, pirates loved the drink didn't they? They were always boozy weren't they, the pirates, it was one of their, just their, you know they used to swap alcohol for like guns and stuff didn't they
Ed Gamble: Yeah, and my mum's a boozy pirate.
James Acaster: Well there were no rum bottles there
Ed Gamble: No!
James Acaster: So, you know, already, the teacher's ruling out that. It can't be pirates, there's no rum bottles, its clearly Mrs Gamble has a problem.
James Acaster: So, let's get into the meal and start with the dessert.
Joe Wicks: So, this is my dream dessert and I always go back to this one because I think about it, being a kid at school and then I think about going to a pub, like on a Sunday roast, so it's a very British, classic dessert. Goes by the name of sticky toffee pudding, believe it or not, with vanilla ice cream. And the reason I love it is cos it's like, it's warm and it's got like that massive sticky toffee sauce on the top and the warm and cold combination is always something that I love. So yeah, it was a toss-up between that and chocolate fondant, but the sticky toffee pudding came through.
James Acaster: Lovely stuff.
Ed Gamble: I'd go with a sticky toffee pudding over that, I think, we've had people say chocolate fondant before but I think sticky toffee pudding always hit the spot, I think.
James Acaster: Ohh, that sauce.
Joe Wicks: It's just so, it's so, if it's done right, sometimes you get those dodgy, microwaveable ones and you know the pub's just shoved it in the microwave for thirty seconds, they're, they're shocking, but when you get a really, really big, like rectangle one with a nice softness to it, a bit of sponginess we call it. Triple, I always ask for double, like extra, I say look, I know you're gonna bring it out and it's gonna be dry after two or three spoonfuls so can you put a bit of extra toffee sauce on and that really counts cos you want it to be swimming in toffee sauce. And then you've just got to steam into it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah and you don't mind, there's always a dry bit in the middle of cake but you don't mind that because you know you're going to have extra sauce to spoon over and you need that difference in texture, oh God.
Joe Wicks: You've got reserves yeah. This meal already, I'm gonna be so bloated after this meal, I'm gonna be so bloated after this meal cos like this is, it's a stodgy one, it's stodgy.
James Acaster: Sure. And did you say you're having ice cream with it?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, just like a standard like vanilla ice cream, nice, you know, a nice scoop of vanilla ice cream I think. I've tried to go rogue and have chocolate ice cream before with it, because I prefer chocolate ice cream, but it doesn't go as well with the toffee, I think vanilla and toffee is a good combo.
James Acaster: At what age did you start pairing things properly when it came to stuff like that because when I was a kid I would have just chosen my favourite ice cream with whatever dessert I was having and it wouldn't really go but I just wanted my favourite stuff all the time. At what age do you think you started being like, do you know what, actually, yeah chocolate's my favourite but vanilla ice cream would go better with a stick toffee pudding, I'm a connoisseur now.
Joe Wicks: When I was a kid my diet was terrible like I didn't eat healthy food, you know, we were on benefits we were living in a council flat, like it was always buy one get one free, like frozen meals and chocolate bars and just sandwiches, I remember eating loads of sandwiches because we didn't sit down as a family and have proper meals but as I got older, you know, I started to try new things. And I think your pallet starts to change as you get older, I remember I didn't eat any fish until I was twenty-five years old, I couldn't bare the thought of anything like fishy, that smell of fish. But now like I love sushi, I eat raw fish and sashimi. And so it's amazing how you can really outgrow those habits, I was a very fussy child but now I pretty much eat anything, like I try anything and I'm really kind of adventurous with it.
Ed Gamble: Is that something that you think about with what you give your kids as well, like are you thinking about making them adventurous at this point in their lives, with the early gintons etc.
Joe Wicks: Oh, one hundred percent. I mean, kids don't have to eat like children's food, they don't have to eat you know, like, beige foods that aren't really tasty and bland. Like I got Indie and Marley really soon cos I done a special children's book for weaning it's called Wean in 15, so I went on a journey I learnt from nutritionists around to kind of wean your child sensitively and I really enjoyed that because I got Indie and Marley eating things like risottos and curries and stews and putting herbs and spices which a lot of parents don't think to do. But ultimatley, the first few months they're trying new things but within about six months you can pretty much have them eating the same as you. So my boy and my little daughter Indie, we all eat together and we eat really nice food but we also, you know, have nights where we're lazy and we'll get a delivery or whatever, but most of the time we at together as a family and we eat healthy food.
James Acaster: Can you remember, aged twenty-five, what the first piece of fish you had was?
Joe Wicks: It was probably just fish and chips like
James Acaster: Yeah, a gateway.
Joe Wicks: Cos my mum and dad always used to get fish and chips when I was a kid, it was a standard like fish and chips, but I would always get like savaloy or like sausage, I just wouldn't go near the fish. But yeah now, you know, like I said I'll eat like black cod, I love you know yellow tail and sashimi and sushi and stuff and I just, I just wouldn't even think of it.
Ed Gamble: Before we move off of fish and chips I just want to say, gonna put it out there now, I'm still a battered sausage man. I'll have proper fish and chips once a year but normally if we go to the chip shop I'm still battered sausage all of the way which I think is a throwback to when I was a fat little boy and I couldn't believe you could get away with eating a sausage which was nice already, dipping it in batter and then eating it. So I'm still, I can't move off it, I'm a battered sausage boy.
Joe Wicks: Do you remember how pink it used to be, the meat, like it wasn't really meat was it, I just think what was it made of? Even like the saveloy like what was the saveloy made out of? That's even worse! But it was such a like, just a good taste, you just loved it when you was a kid.
Ed Gamble: I still love it now
James Acaster: And actually, the first time I had some battered fish was nice but the first time I had a battered sausage it did blow my mind. I was like, what is this, this is flavour city, so salty, oh I loved it.
Joe Wicks: Did you hear about that fight the other day outside the fish and chip shop
James Acaster: Here we go.
Joe Wicks: Two cod got battered.
Ed Gamble: There we go
James Acaster: There he is. Did I tell you Ed? I dunno if I ever told you this, the fish and chip shop used to live around the back of my house
Ed Gamble: I thought you were gonna do the two cods got battered joke, I thought you were gonna do Joe's joke, exactly the same as he did, and try and get yours in the edit, is what I thought you were gonna do.
James Acaster: That'd be good, if, if this whole episode now was just us doing jokes about different things getting battered at the fish and chip shop.
Ed Gamble: Go on, what were you actually going to say
James Acaster: Oh, it's just, I used to live, I used to have a fish and chip shop around the back of my house so every time I was in the garden it smelt like fish and chips and I love it. That was it. You mentioned Sushi Samba earlier, this is what, I've been trying to get onto this for quite a while now cos I'm quite excited about it because Suzi Ruffell, fantastic comedian, came onto the podcast and she chose sashimi from Sushi Samba and she wanted it from the one that is in The Shard so we came up with a tongue twister, 'Suzi like sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard'.
Ed Gamble: You didn't even do it right there.
Joe Wicks: Christ!
James Acaster: I can't seem to do it right now, I wanna see if you can say it, Joe Wicks. It's 'Suzi like sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard'.
Joe Wicks: Sushi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in the, hang on, Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard.
Ed Gamble: It's hard innit?
James Acaster: Yeah! It is hard
Joe Wicks: Nearly, say it one more time.
Ed Gamble: Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard.
Joe Wicks: Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard.
Ed Gamble: Ohh it is good but it's pretty hard
Joe Wicks: Am I missing something?
James Acaster: Yeah, there's always like, Suzi likes shashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard
Ed Gamble: No James, cos you're saying shashimi.
James Acaster: Yeah I am, I know I'm getting it wrong.
Ed Gamble: Yeah you are! You're absolutely Sean Connerie-ing it.
James Acaster: Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Samba in The Shard. So hard.
Joe Wicks: Okay. Suzi likes sashimi from the Sushi Shamba in The Shard
James Acaster: Shamba.
Ed Gamble: Shamba, I think you said shamba. Also let's just ignore the fact that there's not a Sushi Samba in The Shard, it's in Heron Tower.
Joe Wicks: Oh it is, yeah you're right.
James Acaster: I mean who cares about Heron Tower. Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread Joe wicks?!! Popadoms or bread?!
Joe Wicks: Naan bread, naan bread or popadom? Or do you mean any bread?
Ed Gamble: Any bread, any bread.
Joe Wicks: Ah, any bread. Do you know what, my kryptonite, this is honestly, if there's, if there's a good bit of sourdough in my house and there's orange marmalade, I'm like Paddington Bear, it's the one thing I cannot leave like I have two slices and then I go and play Call of Duty for a couple of hours and I come back and I have another couple of slices. Now I can eat a whole loaf of bread sometimes, in one day, seriously I love bread.
James Acaster: Are you a shredless wonder or a shred head when it comes to marmalade?
Joe Wicks: I'm a shred head, I'm a really, I love home-made like, you know like craft home-made marmalade so I'm into, you know, the craftier the better or the chunkier the better, you know, I love all the peel and all the different fruits they use but yeah I'm well, I've got a shelf dedicated to like marmalades. I've even got into, it was, someone said the other day like you've gotta try this it's Rose's lemon and lime marmalade. And I said, 'lemon and lime marmalade?! I've never heard of anything so silly in my life'; I ordered it, it's like crack, it's so good. It's so sweet and sugary, it's like lemon and lime like neon green, it's really good.
Ed Gamble: James likes to open his lemon and lime marmalade, leave it in the fridge and just watch a sheen form on top.
James Acaster: Yeah maybe I do. So what if I do? It looks beautiful. I'm not even ashamed of it.
Ed Gamble: Hey, if you, so you've got a marmalade collection and a gin collection, have you ever tried and gin marmalade cocktail cos that's a thing you can do.
Joe Wicks: That's a new thing now, that, yeah, I've got gin marmalade, oh sorry, marmalade gin, they've got that, it's a new thing like, it's one of the flavours, so yeah there's a few companies up there that have sent me it. But I, it's a bit sickly I like keeping my toast and jam and marmalade separate to my gin, gin and tonic drinking.
Ed Gamble: That's too early for a ginton isn't it, if you're having it with your toast and marmalade in the morning
James Acaster: Paddington
Joe Wicks: Well on weekends I actually had a nice ginton yesterday, because it was like nice and sunny and I had a bit of a vibe going on, I got my brother round and my nephews for the first time so we, we bust open a ginton at about eleven AM which was quite good.
Ed Gamble: Not bad.
James Acaster: Nice. Would you sit down with Paddington and have a ginton? Would you share a ginton with Paddington Bear?
Joe Wicks: Well I actually watched the new, like updated version of Paddington the other day with Indie and I think it's pretty good, it's pretty good and it's almost like an action film almost and he's just like swinging about and doing all sorts in London.
Ed Gamble: It's amazing.
Joe Wicks: Pretty good film, yeah, so I really enjoyed it. So if Paddington was a real person, which he is
James Acaster: Yeah
Joe Wicks: And he wanted a ginton, I'd take him to, probably go down to the local pub just around the corner from Paddington station.
James Acaster: Yep, he'd like it there.
Ed Gamble: I don't know, if you took him back to Paddington station, I think he'd be worried that you were tryna deport him, right, because that's where, that's where he arrived, so I wouldn't, I'd maybe take him to like a Peruvian bar so he can have a sort of flavour of home but know that he's still welcome in the house.
Joe Wicks: I had no idea he was from Peru until I watched that film. I didn't realise he was shipped over here and, came over on a boat didn't he and I just couldn't believe that he's actually from Peru. I didn't know, hang on a minute, bears don't live in Peru do they? Oh, maybe he ain't from Peru.
Ed Gamble: What you think Paddington's lying?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, I think it could be a ruse, yeah I think he could be from, probably from like Malasa or something?
James Acaster: Yeah, we'll drill down into that, actually, maybe that's the third Paddington film. Cos, you know, there's been, the second Paddington film especially was there's a lot of the subtext, you know, was about UK immigration and stuff like that and people's attitudes towards immigration, and maybe the third film is gonna be, properly they go all in on where are you really from?
Ed Gamble: And turns out he was a liar all along. It just does a sort of horrible
James Acaster: A complete right-wing U turn on it.
Ed Gamble: Suddenly it turns out that, yeah, there's a new Tory writer.
James Acaster: Also, you were saying about, cos we were starting with dessert and now we're talking about marmalade. Have you ever had, it's one of the most delicious things I've ever had, have you ever had marmalade on toast ice cream?
Joe Wicks: Hang on, you can get ice cream?
James Acaster: You can get marmalade on toast flavoured ice cream. And it is so good and they do it by you know, making loads of toast, grinding it down into bread crumbs and then letting the ice cream kind of like, you know churning it and all that. So it tastes like properly, you know, just slightly burnt toast all the way through.
Joe Wicks: Where do you get that? where do you find that?
James Acaster: I originally found it, this is years ago, I haven't had it in so long, in the Waitrose in Shepherd's Bush, I went in there. But actually the first time I ever had it was my friend made it herself.
Ed Gamble: Sorry, I really like that you're like, it's in, I don't know if you've ever heard of Waitrose, it's the one in Shepherd's Bush, as if you can't get it in any other Waitrose. It's a little boutique called Waitrose.
James Acaster: I don't know if every single branch of Waitrose will have it.
Joe Wicks: Was it a limited edition? You know I have never seen that in any ice cream shop
Ed Gamble: No, me neither
James Acaster: It wasn't at the time a limited edition
Joe Wicks: I've never seen that but it sounds amazing, it sounds really good, it sounds amazing.
James Acaster: It was so good, but my friend made it, maybe I'll try and get the recipe off her cos it used to be her speciality, and if anyone ever went around her house for dinner she'd make the marmalade on toast ice cream.
Ed Gamble: There's loads of recipes, I've just looked it up, there's loads of recipes for it. There's even, one on the Waitrose website so that's probably the one to go for.
James Acaster: Do it Joe. So good.
Joe Wicks: I've never made ice cream but I'll give it a go.
James Acaster: Me and Ed made ice cream the other day, didn't we Ed?
Ed Gamble: We did, we did a cook along with James' mum. It's not only you whose been doing the live streams during the pandemic Joe.
James Acaster: My mum's been doing them directly to me, that's a zoom really but look
Joe Wicks: So you made ice cream with your mum then? What flavour ice cream did you make?
James Acaster: You know, Reece's peanut butter cups?
Joe Wicks: Ooh yeah, just a bit, so we could have made our own version of that where you make everything from scratch and Ed annoyed my mum a little bit because she sent us some very simple ingredients and we were meant to get condensed milk and Ed got evaporated milk and thought that would be fine and she was beside herself.
Ed Gamble: I got told off, I got properly told off for the first time in ages. My own mum hasn't told me off in about twenty years and I got absolutely coated off by Mrs Acaster.
Joe Wicks:
I know what condensed milk is cos they, you know they stick it on all the pancakes in Thailand, but what is evaporated milk?
Ed Gamble: It's like a less sweet version and yes it turns out that it doesn't work in the recipe that we were doing because I made it and then I tasted it and it just tasted like frozen cream, it wasn't sweet enough, not nice.
James Acaster: Yeah, absolutely frozen solid Ed's was.
Joe Wicks: Follow the ingredient list isn't it, next time.
James Acaster: Yeah, there you go, lesson learnt.
Ed Gamble: I don't think I'll be invited again to be honest.
James Acaster: No, she hates you.
James Acaster: We'll move onto your starter now, I can see your kid in the background, absolutely jonesing for a ginton.
Joe Wicks: Oh yeah, Indie. She's banging on the window.
James Acaster: What're you having for your starter Joe?
Joe Wicks: Alright, so starter, this is two things deep so you can through them all in the same, you know, grill grilling machine, what are they called? Deep fat fryer. so it's crispy calamari and truffle arancini
Ed Gamble: Oh wow
Joe Wicks: Cos I love, I just love I just love crispy calamari with a nice a little garlic alioili dip, is it alioili, how'd you pronounce, how do you say that? Is it alioili?
James Acaster: I think so, what is it Ed? Ed knows these things
Joe Wicks: Aioli?
Ed Gamble: Aioli maybe?
James Acaster: Alioli is much better
Ed Gamble: I much prefer alioili so let's stick with that.
Joe Wicks: I've always called it alioli
James Acaster: To be honest I don't even care what it is actually meant to be called I've always just read it and never said it out loud but I'd, I'd rather just say alioili
Ed Gamble: And obviously every time you say alioli I want to say oi oi oi afterwards
James Acaster: Yep, yeah
Joe Wicks: Crispy, crispy calamari with alioili
Ed Gamble: Oi oi oi
Joe Wicks: And and yeah, I've become acquaintant to truffle recently, I just love the flavour, some people find it a bit overpowering but I think I had it at The Ivy Brasserie in Richmond, The Ivy Brasserie in Richmond they do truffle arancini which is amazing. So it's like deep fried rice balls isn't it and I'd never had it before so I didn't know what it was, so when I bit into that little doughy, crispy like edge and got into the rice I was like, 'this is amazing, why have I never heard of it?'. So that's my new favourite and If I see it on the menu it's getting ordered.
James Acaster: Straight away
Joe Wicks: And you dip that in like a nice like mayo or bit of ketchup and it's, oh yeah I love it.
James Acaster: How many arancini balls are you looking at?
Ed Gamble: And what size do you want them?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, I don't like those massive ones and sometimes you get them in Italian restaurants and they're like the size of a tennis ball with loads of tomato sauce on it. I just like little sort of, you know like a little, like a football, you know one of those little chocolate football eggs you get. Remember those little chocolate eggs like the footballs you used to peel the foil off and you'd get a little chocolate.
Ed Gamble: What's great about that, it's a really confusing size measurement because you've just said you want one the size of a football but a small football.
Joe Wicks:
Okay, I was gonna say plum, but just smaller than a ping pong ball, smaller than a ping pong ball but not as big as a golf ball, just smaller than a ping pong ball, yeah.
James Acaster: Yeah, just smaller than a ping pong, one size down from a ping pong ball.
Joe Wicks: Exactly, yeah.
Ed Gamble: It could fit inside a ping pong ball.
Joe Wicks: What else is small and round that you could think of that's like, not like
James Acaster: Sure
Joe Wicks: Not a grape
James Acaster: Er, a squash ball?
Joe Wicks: It's like a.. not a.. I'm tryna think of something round, I've run out of round things. What else is round, smaller than a..
James Acaster: What else is spherical? Erm
Joe Wicks: What's smaller than a ping pong ball?
Ed Gamble: A marble? A big marble?
Joe Wicks: Okay, I've got one, like a lychee, you know like a lychee.
James Acaster: Yeah
Joe Wicks: It's probably about the size of a lychee, there you go, about four or five of them and I'm sweet, I'm set.
James Acaster: And you've got your chips lined up, you've got your calamari. Is your calamari from anywhere in particular? We've got the arancini coming from The Ivy there.
Joe Wicks: Anywhere really, like it's all the same isn't it really, but I don't like all the tentacles. I like the calamari rings but I don't like all the little, when you start to see it's actually a real octopus. You know what I mean? Well it's not an octopus, it's a calamari isn't it?
James Acaster: So you want the rings?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, the rings. I stay away from the head and the arms and stuff.
James Acaster: And are you, how big are the rings?
Ed Gamble: Bigger than an elastic band, smaller than a belt.
James Acaster: Can you pop the rings comfortably over the arancini so it looks like Saturn?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, but I like the small ones, the smallish looking ones. But loads of batter, nice light and fluffy like, have that with a kind of, yeah like a garlic or sriracha or a chilli mayo or something like a little dip. You don't want to eat them bone dry, it needs, they always need something.
Ed Gamble: Do you want a wedge of lemon the side for that as well? Cos at this point we should just bring you a whole lemon and a knife.
Joe Wicks: Yeah, you know you need a little squeeze of lemon but that comes standard with calamari doesn't it.
James Acaster: Again, you know, it looks quite nice if you just leave it in the fridge for a bit, bring it out, not rotten
Ed Gamble: Joe's not on board with this mate, we're having fresh lemon, we're cutting the lemon at the table.
James Acaster: Joe's on board with trying new things, you know, he didn't have fish until he was twenty-five.
Joe Wicks: I still don't understand what you mean, like, what, why does it go all glaze, why does it glaze over? Like doesn't it just sweat? Doesn't the lemon just sweat?
Ed Gamble: It's just old, the lemon goes old.
Joe Wicks: Leave it in the fridge for like, no you leave it in the fridge for just like an hour, like an hour
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you want dead lemon.
James Acaster: I don't want dead lemon.
Joe Wicks:
It dies a painful death
James Acaster: Hey, come on now, I don't want a dead lemon, I just think that it goes nice and sheeny, it gets a glassy kind of finish to it. It looks nice. I don't like it when you cut a lemon and there's flesh coming out of it all shardy, I'd like it just to be nice and smooth over the top of it.
Joe Wicks: I'm gonna actually have to go and see what you mean now and do this not gonna lie to you because I'm like, what is he on about? How do you feel about these two by the way?
James Acaster: I love them.
Ed Gamble: Oh great, you can't mess with that right?
Joe Wicks: Are they quite common choices?
Ed Gamble: No, I think we've had arancini before
James Acaster: We've definitely had, I think calamari, I haven't been through and counted but I think would be one of our most popular starters on the podcast, I think quite a few people. I remember Tom Kerridge chose calamari as his starter. I think a few other people have.
Ed Gamble: Aisling Bea maybe, you're in good company.
James Acaster: It's one of those places I think, like you said that like it's pretty much if it's, you know you get it good in most places. Even bad calamari which I've had before, I'm still glad I'm eating it.
Joe Wicks: Yeah, still doable isn't it? Still edible.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Your main course. I mean, I feel good about it.
Joe Wicks: Well I hope it doesn't, I hope it doesn't bore you and you're like, 'oh, is that it?'. But this is like, wherever I, wherever I go in the world wherever I go to any restaurant, if there's a really good burger and chips on the menu I just, I'm drawn to it, I'm drawn to the beef and the bun and the chips and like, you know, is it gonna have cheese in it, is it gonna have a bit of bacon and you know all the lovely things. You can just create your own burger can't you. So I think honestly if I was gonna say what is my favourite main, it is burger and chips but I'm not talking like a greasy takeaway one it's gotta be sort of gourmet style. I'll tell you who does a good burger, ooh, I'll tell you who does a good burger. Flat Iron Steak in Soho, they do a wagyu beef burger with a béarnaise sauce and it's like, they almost deep fry the burger it's almost like crispy on the outside and you bite into it with the béarnaise sauce, it all drips down your chin and it's just a really good burger. So yeah, that's kind of
my dream. Is that boring?
James Acaster: That's not boring at all.
Ed Gamble: I think you're kind of right, I'm similar in that if I really had to narrow down my favourite foods, sort of, the genre of food, burgers, good burgers like and it doesn't matter if they're like thick gourmet ones that are a bit pink in the middle, lovely but also, really getting into those smash burgers where people really push them down onto the hot plate so that they're crispy.
Joe Wicks: Get a couple like a double patty, yeah.
Ed Gamble: Yeah like you can put like two or three in there, so delicious. What are you having the burger though? What are you putting in there?
Joe Wicks: Well I'm quite simple really, I'm not a big fan of the whole, you know the cheeses, the blue cheeses and all the stinky bishop and that kind of stuff, I just like a standard like burger with, I do like having a bit of bacon so like a nice bit of crispy like maple cooked bacon, crispy bacon, and then a little barbecue sauce really, keep it simple. But I do think that having a, cos a steak's great but having a beef burger in the bread like, it makes, and it's the texture and the combination of the two, for me is just hands down. So I like a brioche bun, maybe a seeded brioche.
James Acaster: Well, here we go. Now I'm gonna argue with you Joe. Now I'm gonna argue with you.
Joe Wicks: Too soft?
James Acaster: I don't like the brioche bun, I love burgers, absolutely. Brioche bun for me, even as a guy with a sweet tooth, I think weirdly, I don't like the brioche bun, I like a sesame bun or I like like a potato roll, stuff like that, but like, I can't get on board with the brioche bun.
Joe Wicks: What do you think of them snazzy, when they do the old charcoal black, you get like black bread and stuff, black buns. I'm not not too keen on them ones.
Ed Gamble: No, does it affect the taste. I think it looks horrible actually, I think it looks, it doesn't make me want to eat it if something is jet black. I don't think, oh I can't wait to put that in my body.
Joe Wicks: I had my, this'll make you laugh. I had a pizza the other day, it was like a build your own pizza at home, and it was charcoal, it was charcoal infused sourdough and it was black, pitch black. And the next morning, what came out was exactly the same colour. I've never seen anything like it! I said to Rosie, 'have you been to the toilet today? Because the same colour pizza came out of me'. And she was like, `no I haven't'. So I don't know if I was just like dying on the inside that morning but it was black.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you don't want that. I can't imagine that's how they're advertising it either.
James Acaster: I dunno, that's kind of appealed to me more.
Ed Gamble: Oh really?
James Acaster: I wasn't interested at all and then I was like, 'oh, it'd be quite fun to do a charcoal black shit'.
Ed Gamble: Why?
James Acaster: Well you know, it's been a boring, hasn't it, for us all. It'd be nice to just to vary it up a little bit.
Ed Gamble: Look, yeah, this is the man that got into the way lemons look in the fridge. I'd imagine, yeah, anything's gonna entertain you right?
James Acaster: Absolutely, ah man. I look at a lemon, go and have a shit.
Joe Wicks: Listen so you're not disappointed with the burger and chips then you're quite happy with that as a choice?
Ed Gamble: No
Joe Wicks: Because I had a burger and chips van at my wedding, we had like a burger and chips, like a burger van, we had like a pop-up sort of, we had a festival type thing with different, different food stands and stuff and I just love, I just think there's nothing more satisfying than a good burger. So yeah, that is my ultimate main, thank you very much.
James Acaster: I think burger and chips I've got no problem with, brioche bun, that's where I'm like that is not my dream. But it's your dream, not mine.
Ed Gamble: I don't mind a brioche but I think they've been maybe overdone. They're everywhere now, everywhere uses a brioche bun and you just think, I don't mind a more standard bun. A potato roll like James said, you find those in the states quite a lot, just a really soft but still structured enough to hold up to the juice of the burger. That's what you want, you don't want it all falling apart on you.
James Acaster: Yep. I want to be able to squeeze the whole thing together there in my hands, I've got it all, and then you can really get down in the juicy meat. But would you like this wagyu burger, would that be your dream?
Joe Wicks: I think, whenever I'm in London, if I'm ever knocking about like even if I'm on my own and I'm like, I'm in Soho and I'm up there for something I'll text the guy, cos I know the guy that works there, and be like, 'have you got the burger in today?' and if, cos it's not everyday they have this special
burger. And if it's on the menu, I'll literally go down there, I'll sit there, I just smash it on my own and get it done and then I'll just get an uber home or on the train back to mine. And I just think, I'm always for some reason just drawn to that burger. I think it's probably the béarnaise sauce, it's like a hollandaise béarnaise sauce so it's really good, it's really like thick and creamy and it kind of brings the flavour of the meat a lot.
Ed Gamble: Oh man.
James Acaster: That's what people overlook a lot, I think people appreciate now that, you know, the bun's gotta be good or that the burger's gotta be cooked a certain way, there are different ways you can smash it, all that kind of stuff, and then people overlook the sauce, you know, people get it rolled in cheese and what kind of cheese are you having, what kind of bacon you having, but that sauce could make all the difference, and I quite like that that's kind of, the star in your burger there, is that béarnaise sauce.
Ed Gamble: I absolutely love the idea of being able to text someone who runs a restaurant and saying, 'do you have the burger on today?'. To me, Joe, that is the coolest thing any human being could ever do, I'd love to be able to do that.
Joe Wicks: I can't queue jump, it's not that, I just say to him, 'have you got the burger on?'. Cos I basically, I met the owner of the restaurant last time I was there, oh sorry the manager, cos like they love it, when I put a little burger on my Instagram and I tag it then they get loads of followers and loads of people go down there so it's a nice thing to promote them. But they're only a small little chain in London.
Ed Gamble: I've never been there but there's always a queue outside there cos they don't take bookings, but what I really like about them and I've seen pictures of people eating the steak and the steak knife is in the shape of like a little meat cleaver, and that's enough, that's enough to get me happy.
Joe Wicks: Yeah, yeah it's a really good steak. It's called the flat iron cut which wasn't very popular, but I don't know how they cook it but it's so well cooked and they have the best peppercorn and béarnaise sauce and then you have the triple duck fat cooked chips which are like unreal as well, so it's a really good place for a good steak. Especially when you think, you can go and have like a hundred pound steak, but for some reason the fifteen pound steak at Flat Iron is still in my eyes better than any other steak.
James Acaster: Are those the chips you want with your burger?
Joe Wicks: I actually want, I want truffle parmesan fries believe it or not. You know when they put a bit of the old, shaving the old, they shave parmesan and then put a bit of the old truffle oil on there. Again I've gone double truffle, but that'll bit it, I'll stop at that, I won't have anymore truffle after that.
James Acaster: Have you ever gone double truffle before? You gone double truff in the past?
Joe Wicks: You can overdo it, yeah, like it's one of those flavours if you overdo it, you suddenly, like it really turns you off. So like sometimes I'll have like truffle parmesan fries and then you might get a bit of
like terikyaki chicken with truffle shavings on top or something and you go, 'I shouldn't have gone for that second truffle'. And it repeats doesn't it, the truffle repeats a few hours later doesn't it?
James Acaster: Yeah, it's like pesto.
Ed Gamble: Imagine when you were little Joe Wicks, the little kid that didn't eat fish and was eating sandwiches all the time and then you were told that one day you would be going double truff, you wouldn't have believed it!
Joe Wicks: Oh of course, oh God no. I wouldn't have even gone near mushrooms in the past. But my brother lived in Singapore and he said that every, even in Nandos over there, they would put truffle oil on their chips. So he said, he used to love it and then one day he said, cos they use obviously like, not even proper truffle oil, it's like a synthetic truffle oil you know with maybe one percent truffle and he said they just doused it on everything, everywhere was truffle oil, it was like this super cool thing. And he said he can't go near it now, he can't go near the smell of it, he said he hates it, so there is a possibility that I could overdo the truffle one day and turn my nose up at it.
James Acaster: Yeah, so you've got, we don't want it to be today.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, we're not gonna go triple truff.
James Acaster: We'll happily label you a truff truff, that's two.
Ed Gamble: We're not gonna wheel out the truff trough.
James Acaster: No
James Acaster: So, your side dish.
Joe Wicks: Side dish I think, is an important part of the equation. Because I don't like going to a restaurant where you sort of have one choice and that's it, you're stuck with it. I like going to like family style restaurants so like your sort of like Sushi Sambas and your Nobus and Zuma, you've got like different options haven't you, you can like, the Asian fusion cuisine. So I really wanna bring in a bit of sushi at this point, so hopefully you've got that on the menu. But I love spicy tuna sushi and yellowtail sushi with the crispy onions on top. I don't like all the egg, you know they put all the egg roe and all the kind of little weird little eggs on top, I flick them off, I'm not having them. But crispy onion, I'm having the crispy onions and I'm putting a bit of extra on top. So then you got proper wasabi, a good bit of soy sauce, and I double dip my sushi, I do both sides, so I coat one side, saturate it on the left, then I switch it over and I saturate it so the soy sauce goes, sucks it right up and then that's it, I'm banging it.
James Acaster: Man, I'm really on the same page as you when it comes to sushi, definitely. I love spicy tuna, I love the crispy onions on it, I don't like the roe, I'll flick that off myself as well.
Ed Gamble: I love the roe.
James Acaster: Yeah, I'll flick it off into Ed's mouth.
Joe Wicks: I like flick it off across the restaurant, did you, do you flick it across the restaurant you just like flick and see how far you can get it?
James Acaster: Normally Ed's sitting opposite me, he just opens his mouth and I just flick it all into there.
Ed Gamble: I love it, the bigger the, tobiko, tobiko gunk and it's my favourite sort of sushi, the huge eggs and then you put them in your mouth and then you push your tongue up so you pop it on the roof of your mouth and all the lovely stuff inside starts flooding out.
Joe Wicks: What is it? what's, what is it like what is inside that little bubble?
Ed Gamble: It's just sort of like, like salty seawater stuff. It's just like fat caviar isn't it? It's delicious.
James Acaster: How big are these eggs, arancini size?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, they're sort of, smaller than a gold ball, they're sort of small chocolate football size.
James Acaster: Ah good, great, say no more.
Joe Wicks: Cadbury's cream egg, are they like Cadbury cream eggs, no Cadbury mini eggs size.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that sort of size, but you can pop, you can pop them on the roof of your mouth. I absolutely love them.
Joe Wicks: And the last thing as well, sushi wise, is the, you know you do like the prawn tempura within the sushi, wrapped up like.
James Acaster: Yes!
Joe Wicks: Yeah that's good. I'll tell you who does a good bit of sushi, I went to, you know Salt Bay, Nusr-Et, I went to Nusr-Et when I was in Turkey, and Nusr-et Salt Bay does a meat sushi so like, it's rice with a little thin layer of steak, so like really think wagyu steak and then he puts like this sort of, it's almost like a garlic butter and then they put these thin little shards of potato on top, really thin like crispy potato, he comes over blow torch and blow torches it in front over you. And that is one of the most incredible tastes cos you get like the rice, and the hot potato crisps and you get the meat. It
really is one of the best, like ever mouthfuls of food I've ever had, but he only does it obviously in his restaurants which are like few and far between.
Ed Gamble: So he comes out from the kitchen?
Joe Wicks: He came out just by chance, I was at this hotel in Turkey and he was there that night. Came out with the glasses on the white t shirt, he's got his sun, it's pitch black and he's got his sunglasses on and he was, you know, a nice character but definitely a little bit odd and he sparked up the, he sparked up the old gas torch and blasted it in front of us to sort of cook the meat a little bit and then he sticks it in his mouth doesn't he? He does all that.
Ed Gamble: He sticks it in your mouth for you?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, big time.
Ed Gamble: Oh, Salt Bay. I imagine him, you know he does the salt like that so sort of almost goes down his arm, I imagine him with a blow torch doing that and just like scorching all his hair off.
Joe Wicks: He's hard as nails mate, he's hard as, I reckon he could take that easy, he's hard as nails.
James Acaster: Man, you saying the prawn tempura within the sushi has made me really want to. At Sticks and Sushi they do, I can't, I don't know what the particular one is called, it's got the word devil in it, but it's prawn tempura and the actual tempura part of it is just so perfectly crispy and just like got bubbles in it, like that bubbly kind of tempura texture. And then there's the, they've got, on the outside of the sushi is tuna and then like on top is like this sauce, I think there's even like a little bit of avocado on the top. Everything about it is perfect and I could eat it forever and I really, I really want it.
Joe Wicks: That's a good mouthful of food yeah the textures and flavours in sushi. But bearing in mind, my sushi experience was like M&S meal deal or like BP or like, you know, it was just supermarket sushi in a little plastic box so when I first went to like Nobu in Malibu or Zuma in London I was like, 'oh my God, this is what sushi should taste like'. And it's a real craft isn't it when you watch them cutting the fish and the quality of the food and ingredients, there's a, it's a whole new world. That's why, when I come out of lockdown and get to go to a restaurant like the first thing I want to do is go and eat sushi because it's something I can never make as good as the chefs can. And they've spent years obviously doing it.
James Acaster: You know, right, earlier on I was thinking something, I was thinking of someone that you look like, right, you tilted your head a certain way and I was like, 'I never realised Joe Wicks looks like that person'. And I didn't say it cos I thought he might get it all the time, and then because we're talking about sushi I think this is relevant. So here we go, I think, from an angle, you look a bit like David Tennant, from an angle, just a little bit like David Tennant.
Joe Wicks: David Tennant? Is he the Doctor Who guy?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: I saw David Tennant once on Room 101 try and put sushi into Room 101 and the way that, his argument for it it was really full on, like all the things he doesn't like about sushi, he doesn't trust it, he thinks it's disgusting eating raw fish and all that and like now in my mind, you and Tennant are like twins but like he's the evil twin.
Joe Wicks: I've never had that. I was in India once and this woman was like, 'you really remind me of like Richard, Richard Hammond'. And I was like, 'what the little fella off of Top Gear?', and she was like, 'yeah', I was like, 'alright thanks'. But yeah, no, people have said I look like John Snow and you know, that old Poldark geezer, I've never had anyone say like David Tennant.
James Acaster: Well, with your hair tied up like you've got today, it's you know, if your hair was like we're used to seeing it I wouldn't have thought the Tennant thing, but now I'm thinking you Tennant, Richard Hammond have a sitcom, you're all brothers.
Ed Gamble: I feel like, since the Richard Hammond moment, any look alike for you is not insulting right?
James Acaster: Yeah yeah, it's gotta be.
Ed Gamble: So like, David Tennant, you'll take that, especially after you've been told you look like that Hamster?
Joe Wicks: Yeah, I like Richard Hammond but I never, you know, I didn't think I look like him but yeah, fair play to him.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah, fair play to him for looking like that but yeah
James Acaster: We've come onto your drink now
Ed Gamble: Which is of course the final course.
James Acaster: the final course of this episode
Joe Wicks: Oh yeah! We've jumped the gun haven't we. Well I hope you like fruity drinks cos I really love fruity cocktails and stuff. I'm not just someone who likes something on the rocks or just like a whiskey or something, I like something fruity so I like tall drinks with loads of ice. If I was on holiday it would be a, oh what's the creamy drink with all the coconut in again?
James Acaster: A piña colada!
Ed Gamble: Piña colada
Joe Wicks: A piña colada, yeah. A piña colada, little umbrella like cherry on top, that would be like my favourite like summer holiday drink. But if I was in London in a restaurant I would probably go passionfruit mojito, believe it or not.
James Acaster: I don't know why I was so trepidatious at the start of this episode. Joe Wicks is my dream guy.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, you were so worried, he's basically picked what you would pick.
James Acaster: Pina coladas, I love pina coladas Joe Wicks.
Joe Wicks: Yeah on holiday I hit them up but it's like drinking a can of condensed milk, they're really thick like you gotta get coconut and pineapple juice.
Ed Gamble: I prefer them with evaporated milk.
Joe Wicks: Yeah, use evaporated milk or you can use powdered milk but either way, it's all about that level of cream and I just love them, but yeah it's like having a breakfast lunch and dinner, it's probably, God knows how many calories are in them.
James Acaster: I got drunk on them for Drunk History, have you heard of that show, Drunk History, where comedians get drunk and then have to retell a story from history and have to act out what the drunk version was. Me and Ed have both done that show, and when I went on it I just thought, I'm just gonna drink a load of piña coladas, that'll be funny, they took me to a Wetherspoons, just jug after jug of pina colada, I didn't feel any effects of it and then we walked to the studio and I was like, 'oh, this is the most drunk I've ever been in my life' and now I have to remember some history story I don't really know very well.
Ed Gamble: I had eleven double gintons.
Joe Wicks: Good lad. I had a few drinks. I done celebrity Juice and I was so nervous I just didn't, I felt really out of my comfort zone like it's just not what I do and so I went on there and I thought I'm gonna have a few drinks and I was drinking in the changing rooms getting ready and all that in the little back room and then I, then I got out and was just like, 'oh, I'm gone', and I just, yeah. Cos they keep bringing you gin and tonics, like big ones, like topping up and yeah, I was well well boozy mate. But with that sort of show you've gotta be drunk because they make you do the silliest things.
Ed Gamble: Yeah I think you have to be. My fiancé was a runner on that show years ago and they make all the runners test the games and I got a call from her at lunch time once and I was like, 'you alright?', she was like, 'yeah yeah, a bit of a rough morning', I was like, 'what, what's happened', and she was like, 'yeah they played a game where they made me put onion bhajis down my trousers and then they all threw popadoms at me'.
James Acaster: I was in charge that day. It was a choice between that game or another one with bread. That was it, my two options. When we put croutons down their pants and throw baguettes at them, that was the other one.
Ed Gamble: How do you feel that we made Joe do his dessert first James? Cos I know that you love dessert and so if anything that's your big closer normally, but now we've, we've ended on the drink.
James Acaster: No no, cos normally, sometimes we get to dessert and there's not much time to really delve into it, and it was just so nice to hear. Also you know, like I said, I was gonna be tense otherwise, I was gonna be tense.
Ed Gamble: There was no need to be though, was there?
James Acaster: No need to be. But we're ending on a lovely pudding anyway. We're ending on this sweet passionfruit mojito. That's lovely and sweet. Also like, again, these are the cocktails I like, mojitos and piña coladas.
Joe Wicks: You know daquiris, or like frozen daiquiries where they put like all the berries and they sort of blend it up, I like that, I just like, I don't like drinks, you know when you get a cocktail and it comes it one of them little like gimlet glasses, I want all the ice, I want it to be tall, loads of stuff hanging out of it. Like shards of like cucumber and like passion fruits and a whole grapefruit do you know what I mean? I wanna have bits I can pull out of it so for me like daiquiries and mojitos are really, are really good for that. And they're fresh.
Ed Gamble: Have you thought about this Joe. Doing a like late night workout but you've have a couple of gintons and a couple of passionfruit mojitos and you just do like a pissed workout?
Joe Wicks: I mean I, you know I farted live on, do you know about the fart?
Ed Gamble: Yep.
James Acaster: I actually didn't know about that.
Joe Wicks: So I broke wind just before I went live on a Youtube video and that was me sober. If I've had a drink and I've had, I've steamed through a few gin and tonics and I've had a little curry and a biryani and I've had a balti or something it's all gonna go downhill innit? I can't risk, I couldn't be safe to say like me doing a squat or a burpee or crunching with that kind of stuff going around your tummy is gonna be conducive to a live workout.
Ed Gamble: I think it's a gap in the market though like I think people would watch that, like not do the workout themselves they'd just put their feet up and watch that, like, you know.
Joe Wicks: It could be quite funny yeah, I mean
Ed Gamble: Yeah like a sitcom.
Joe Wicks: I've got a rule really, when I'm out with my friends like I just don't do social media when I'm drunk. Cos you know everyone, well I do, and I think I'm really funny and I think I'm really cool and I do things and I just know that when I've got my phone on me I just deactivate and I don't get on there cos I don't want to be this plonker that wakes up the next morning going what an idiot, what a plonker what have I done that for? So I leave it, I leave it, I leave the social media stuff until I'm awake and alive the next morning.
Ed Gamble: Well I'll film it then, I'll film it on mine.
James Acaster: Yeah, Ed will film it, well Ed why don't you start doing drunken workouts.
Ed Gamble: I could do actually, take Wicks on at his own game. I can do drunken workouts.
Joe Wicks: I'm already clumsy enough I already fall over and I try and do the splits and I, I head butt the ceiling and I'm just not that coordinated so for me to do it drunk, I mean it would just be terrible. But the silly billy would be good cos I, when I have the music playing and I'm in that moment I just lost so I think, if I had a few drinks I would proper like go for like break-dancing and back flips and all that sort of stuff. Hang on, have any of you two ever done one of my workouts at all during lockdown or anything?
James Acaster: Nope.
Ed Gamble: No, I've I've seen them. I've never made the actual step to then actually workout.
James Acaster: I have, I have been exercising Joe though don't worry I have been doing it. I've been trying yoga for the first time in my life and doing that and then hula hooping as well.
Joe Wicks: You sound like David Brent there, he's like, 'I just started yoga'.
James Acaster: Yeah. Also I was gonna say last year I farted in front of an entire tv crew, just to make you feel better
Joe Wicks: Crew, that's like, that's not live is it?
James Acaster: No but I was, I was very nervous it was my first, it was my first like, it was a very small part in a film, the first thing I've ever done like that I was very I was like, 'oh this is great'. And then the first thing that we had to do, we had to crouch down and the scene started with us jumping the air and landing
on our feet in front of everybody and, and there's three of us. And we're all there crouched down, three comics, and they should 'action!', and we jumped up and we landed and then I did a really big loud fart straight away. And because they didn't should 'cut!' they just carried, we had to carry on doing the scene while I was there going, 'oh no, all those people heard that, there's a guy there with earphones and a microphone, he definitely heard it'.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
Joe Wicks: Oh it's a great way just to break the ice and just to break, well break wind and settle into it. I think that, I thought that probably made everybody laugh though didn't it, let's be honest.
James Acaster: Yeah, I wish they'd laughed in front of me though cos that let me know that definitely the laughter was happening elsewhere.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, one hundred percent. And that'll be the tape they use as well, it'll be only everything else will be cut form the film and it'll just be, no lines and just your scared eyes and you've clearly just farted.
James Acaster: Oh no!
Ed Gamble: So we'll all look forward to that.
James Acaster: Yeah, well, it's gonna be great. I'll be fine if that's the only thing that makes it in actually.
Ed Gamble: Joe I think that's a great menu, absolutely love that menu.
James Acaster: I think it's great. I'm gonna read it back to you Joe and you tell us how you feel about it.
Joe Wicks: Yep
James Acaster: Still or sparkling water, you want a ginton, an early ginton at that. Fevertree tonic, a few raspberries and blueberries in there. Dessert, sticky toffee pudding with extra toffee sauce and vanilla ice cream. Popadoms or bread, sourdough bread with orange marmalade, yes please. Starter, crispy calamari and a truffle arancini with allioili.
Ed Gamble: Can we get the sizes on those please James?
James Acaster: Yep, truffle arancini is so that it can fit within a golf ball. And crispy calamari so that it can fit around the arancini.
Ed Gamble: Yes
James Acaster: Main course, gourmet wagyu beef burger from Flat Iron with steak and truffle parmesan fries. You would like the maple cooked crispy bacon and barbecue sauce on a brioche bun with that burger. Side dish, spicy tuna sushi, yellowtail and prawn tempura with crispy onions, wasabi and soy sauce. Drink, so this is to finish, a passionfruit mojito. I tell you what, I do not know what I was worried about. Every single bit of that I would gobble up and be absolutely delighted.
Ed Gamble: Yep
James Acaster: Including, and this is rare, just the popadoms or bread course, usually you know I like popadoms I like bread but actually I really want some bread and marmalade now, and I've got some marmalade.
Ed Gamble: You're a shred head right?
James Acaster: I'm a shred head, Joe's a shred head, Ed's a shredless wonder.
Joe Wicks: So what did you think, like what were you imagining? Were you like oh this guy's gonna be boring and have like quinoa, rice, salad and a just be like boring.
Ed Gamble: No, not necessarily that but like in the past, in the past we've had so Joel Dommett who is probably the healthiest friend of ours, he picked protein shake
James Acaster: Physically
Ed Gamble: Yeah physically, mentally he's a mess. He picked a protein shake for his drink.
Joe Wicks: Really? I met Joel at Soccer Aid.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, he's a lovely boy
James Acaster: You missed your opportunity to punch him.
Joe Wicks: I'll get him next time. He chose a protein shake as his favourite drink?
Ed Gamble: Yes.
Joe Wicks: Ah come on! You get the, you're getting the protein from all the other stuff, don't waste it on a protein shake.
James Acaster:
Exactly. Joel probably thought you'd be the first person to be in his corner. Absolutely not, yet another person who hates him.
Ed Gamble: But interestingly last time I saw Joel and I went out for a meal with him, he had a passionfruit martini as his drink so he's going up in the world.
Joe Wicks: What I love about this menu is when I look at it I know, I know that I've married the right woman, because that's exactly like Rosie's dream menu too, like we go out together we would share everything we just literally go halves. So if we do like burger she'll do chicken burger I'll do beef burger but all of those sides and them drinks and them stuff she'd be all over that like a rash.
Ed Gamble: That sounds like a nightmare to me Joe, I'll be honest.
Joe Wicks: Oh you don't like sharing your dinner?
James Acaster: Ed doesn't like that.
Ed Gamble: I deliberately pick things that my fiancé doesn't like so I can eat all of it and then really hope that she's too full to eat all of hers as well so I can polish off hers.
Joe Wicks: That works too, yeah.
James Acaster: It kind of works, it's a very sad life that Ed's got but you know, fair enough. Each to their own. Thank you Joe.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much for coming into The Dream Restaurant, Joe Wicks.
Joe Wicks: It's been lovely and I, I hope that one day I get to meet you in person and we can actually have this meal because that would be a good, a good old dinner wouldn't it, good old meal out
Ed Gamble: Yes!
James Acaster: Let's go to The Flat Iron together, you text ahead we'll all go down and get a burger each.
Joe Wicks: Perfect.
Ed Gamble: And then we can do a workout.
Ed Gamble: Well there we are. Thank you very much to Joe wicks for coming in, sorry we fried you so bad.
James Acaster: Thank you Joe, I hope you didn't mind that frying that Ed delivered there, all the way through. Delicious menu.
Ed Gamble: I'd be very happy with that menu thank you.
James Acaster: Yes please, if that, if that kind of stuff's in Joe Wicks' Family Food, let me tell ya, I'm eating with my family again, and speaking to them again.
Ed Gamble: James, he didn't seem fully on board with my idea of doing a sort of drunk late night workout so would you be up for doing that with me, I feel like there's a real gap in the market.
James Acaster: Sure Ed, as I said, I did Drunk History, it can't be any different, I'll sink a few piña coladas and then let out a few guffs and do some workouts with you.
Ed Gamble: Be sick everywhere during a plank.
James Acaster: Oh that'd be great, that really motivates you to keep the plank going because if you go down you're gonna end up in all the sick. So you stay there for longer.
Ed Gamble: Don't forget Joe's book, Joe's Family Food, is coming out tomorrow, on the tenth of June. It's food for the family, go and buy it, whether you've got a family or not I guess, I guess it's just great food.
James Acaster: Ed, am I right in thinking this is the last episode of the series?
Ed Gamble: You are correct in thinking that. What a lovely time we've had on series five, we'll of course be back with another series but I'd just like to thank all of the guests who we've had and all of you great listeners. I'd like to thank The Great Benito, I'd like to thank No Context Off Menu but most of all, James, of course, I'd like to thank Bleasdale.
James Acaster: Bleasdale. Thank you little boy. What a great series this has been and do you know what, we've already recorded a load for the new series and it is looking like a fry fest.
Ed Gamble: It's piping hot! Thank you very much for listening, we will see you again soon. Good bye!
James Acaster: Good bye!
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, picking up the donut of chat and licking off the sugar of humour from your dirty little fingers. Hello James Acaster.
James Acaster: Hello Ed Gamble! How are you today?
Ed Gamble: Very well thank you James Acaster. Bit of a bonus ep, a B ep today.
James Acaster: And you know what that means? No one can complain about it. It's a bonus!
Ed Gamble: I think that's the rules isn't it? If it's a bonus ep. I mean really and I'll say this now, no one can complain about it anyway because it's a free podcast but especially today, as it's a bonus, if you're expecting certain things from it, you might not get them and that's fine.
James Acaster: And do you know what, anything that you've expected that you didn't get, we expected too and we didn't get them! And we were doing the podcast. So
Ed Gamble: And we were doing it!
James Acaster: So that doesn't matter! Don't make it all about you. It's, you know, and sometimes, not getting what you expect is actually quite a lot of fun. If you just decide to go with it anyway, you just sit back and relax and you go, oh, I expected this to be a guest coming into the Dream Restaurant and saying what their favourite ever starter, main course, desert, side dish and drink are. That's what every single episode of the Off Menu podcast is, and listen it's not, it's not not that.
Ed Gamble: It's not not that so keep that in mind. That's the bare minimum that we promise, someone doing their dream meal, we have a special guest come in and they describe their dream meal. And our special guest today in this bonus episode is Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster: Dan Aykroyd.
Ed Gamble: Dan Aykroyd. Ghost buster. Blues brother. Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster: Yeah. My Girl. Driving Miss Daisy. He's been in all sorts of stuff.
Ed Gamble: Ghost, Ghost Bust, Ghost Busters.
James Acaster: Look his legacy is completely, that is secured. And also, not only that he also has a vodka.
Ed Gamble: I don't know if he'll bring it up, so let's plug it now.
James Acaster: Yes. Crystal Head vodka, they've just released a Crystal Head for Pride, in a rainbow Crystal Head bottle, looks wonderful. And, you know, we wanted to talk to Dan Aykroyd about food because of Crystal Head and look we've already recorded the episode, we know what happens. And we're, I'm looking forward to you hearing it. You know, every now and then we release an episode and I think not only would I like to be in the room when people I know are listening to it, I would like to be in the room when everyone listens to this episode. I would like to see everyone's reactions to it. And I hope you enjoy it as much as we, we genuinely enjoyed this. We had a brilliant time.
Ed Gamble: We had a great time. The thing is there was no way I wasn't gonna enjoy this, it's actual Dan Aykroyd, we were so buzzed to speak to him, he really knows his food, he obviously knows his vodka. The other thing I will say at the top of this is that this was not a paid branding opportunity from his vodka company.
James Acaster: It is very important that people know that.
Ed Gamble: Hashtag not an ad. Hashtag just a chat. But we often have people on promo-ing their wares, actors, comedians, that sort of stuff. And at the beginning we have to force a plug in because they really don't want to talk about what they're doing, they just want to chat about, just do the podcast. We didn't have to do that with Dan.
James Acaster: This is not a sponsored episode.
Ed Gamble: No.
James Acaster: We haven't received any money from Crystal Head.
Ed Gamble: Not spon. And also, all this chat now, I really liked him and it was really fun. So I hope you enjoy it but it's not necessarily the traditional back and forth interview format that you're used to on Off Menu.
James Acaster: All we're doing is trying to impress upon you that it isn't what you're used to and that this isn't a branded episode. We loved it, we had a great time
Ed Gamble: Yes. I think he had a good time.
James Acaster: I hope so! Dan if you're listening, I hope you had a great time. I hope that you enjoyed it as much as we did.
Ed Gamble: Enjoy it. Treat it for what it is, a bonus episode with a genuine bona fide legend.
James Acaster: Secret ingredient?
Ed Gamble: Oh, ectoplasm.
James Acaster: It's ectoplasm.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Ghost Busters.
James Acaster: Note the date and time. Note where you were when you heard this episode.
Ed Gamble: Strap in, because the menu's coming at you thick and fast. It's the Off Menu menu of
Both: Dan Aykroyd.
Ed Gamble: Welcome Dan Aykroyd to the Dream Restaurant.
Dan Aykroyd: Hello Ed, hello James.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
James Acaster: Welcome Dan Aykroyd to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Dan Aykroyd: The Dream Restaurant would be, let's think of it as Canada, my home in the summer because we we have a log cabin there and I run luggage from the station and back, I'm a luggage mule all summer. It's as if it's a resort or a hotel. So we've had some really great chefs in their: David Adjey out of Toronto, Ben deForest out of Martha's Vineyard, and they have served up incomparable feasts and so I've prepared the the evening. I'll tell you about the evening and the meal that we would have at the Dream Restaurant, let's call it Lune Lodge.
Ed Gamble: Lune Lodge. Dan, I think this is the first time I think, we've done maybe one hundred and seven episodes of this, this is the first time someone's come straight in with a name for their Dream Restaurant.
James Acaster: Yes.
Dan Aykroyd: Well it would be my home, you see my Dream Restaurant would be my home. Of course, I love Ken `N' Becks down there, where Ben deForest works in Martha's Vineyard and there's so many restaurants, a new one opening up, Vela here in Toronto. The Johnny Goodman's place, not John Goodman the actor but the entrepreneur John Goodman, Johnny Goldman I mean. So you know
that connection with fine chefs and purveyors of great food over the years has served me well and I have thrown many a party. So the Dream Restaurant would be Bear's Head cabin, Lune Lodge, the Bear's Head Lounge and then moving onto the formal dining, the outdoor dining porch.
Ed Gamble: We're talking outdoors are we Dan?
Dan Aykroyd: Yes, it's screened in, yes.
Ed Gamble: Take us through the scene in front of you.
Dan Aykroyd: Okay, so the scene would be we're talking probably serving about twenty good friends and we would be, I would be sending the 1932, V12, Pierce Arrow 1604 limousine for, to pick them up. They would pull up to the cabin, they would be greeted with my bar staff serving a Bar Car martini, that's the Crystal Head, two and a half ounces of it. Shaken in a, with ice chips and into a tumbler glass with ice, with a rind of lemon or pearl onion or olive. Along with that would be a setting of pecorino or stilton, with red pepper jelly.
Ed Gamble: Can I just say that this is the, normally we have to tease these things out of people and you are so ready to get into the food. Normally we maybe ask some general questions about, you know, whether you've been a foodie for a long time, did you always love food, did you grow up with food around you.
Dan Aykroyd: Oh we can sure, well I think, I think if we go through the dream meal you'll see and you can stop me anytime.
Ed Gamble: Okay.
Dan Aykroyd: Or, or you know ask me once we've gone through. But they'd arrive in the V12, they'd have a Bar Car martini served for them very clean vodka that we serve, of course, no added, Crystal Head is a no additive product. And the pecorino and stilton with red pepper jelly, cards, table water, crackers, olives, little cocktail pickles and maybe some pearl onions again. So then we would move into the screened-in porch which overlooks the the cliff on the lake that the old family farm is on there and we would move onto a pappardelle pesto as a sort of a, also a secondary appetiser. I love a good pesto, I search the world for pesto. And pappardelle noodles, for me the best noodles to use with pesto. Now I don't cook at all, I can barely take a piece of toast and put it on a coat hanger and get it to brown. I don't cook at all, so, but I do appreciate good food and the skill of some of the people we've had working at the farm over the years is quite outstanding. So we'd have the Bar Car martini, the pecorino stilton red pepper jelly with the cards, table water, crackers, olives, pickles and onions, we'll move onto the pappardelle pesto. And in the summer there's nothing in Canada like a mixed grill. So that would be baby lamb chops with mint jelly. A t-bone steak with, en jus, and fresh grated horseradish. Lemon half chicken with skin off and that would be on a fairly nice big gas or charcoal broiler. And then to accompany that of course Yorkshire pudding with gravy and peas. Brussel sprouts with a maple glaze, you know we have Canadian maple syrup here, the best in the world, and then we move onto garlic mash and rosemary roasted potatoes in there as part of the cooking and that would all be served together. So I'm not eating fish these days because, you know, I think they're disappearing fast, so it would be chicken, lamb chops, t-bone and then after that we would have a chopped Caesar salad, not cheesy, more lemony than cheesy you know, chopped up.
And all along the way of course we'd be serving the finest Chateau Margaux, red for red and the Paul Myer white, it's a great vineyard there in California, lovely Chardonnay that they make. Very kind of vicious and oaky, really neat. To drink with food. So, and by the way I'm not paying for this meal, I would get someone else, I'd figure a promotion to get the company in Toronto to pay for it.
Ed Gamble: Look this is, Dan this is your dream meal you don't have to pay for it you know, we've got, James is our genie waiter he can magic anything up he likes, so you know this is all on us.
Dan Aykroyd: Ah right, good. The Caesar salad and then the Margot and the Paul Myers served along the way. For dessert we would have an espresso martini with the Crystal Head again, no additives to make an award winning drink. We just won another award with our Onyx bottle, right here. Toy soldiers. This is our onyx, this is our Blue Weber Agave vodka this is a counter finished bottle, Blue Weber Agave Port is what they make tequila out of , we do a vodka distillation and filtration treatment on it. And so we'd have that in an espresso martini and that would be accompanied by dessert of a mocha dacquoise, lemon squares, a black velvet cake, a black forest cake and then to those who want and Arturo Fuente cigar with a Chateau d'Yquem, a beautiful saurterne right, or a brandy, or a whiskey mission, a Signal Hill whiskey out of Canada is a lovely brand. A nice whiskey, a brandy, you know something as a digestif. And then in Canada where it's legal I would offer a two gram Chenobyl pre-roll, sativa blunt with Blue Rhino bud and blue crush kief for those who would want that. And then jugs of warm lemon water, as everyone gets up from the porch. Lots of lemon water jugs and then, the evening's not over because then we go to the fire. Because it's Canada we have a massive fire there, big bonfire and we will do a plain donuts. Just plain donuts but rolled in butter and then grilled. With coffee and then patrón XO, the beautiful beverage out of patrón XO for all night dancing, all night partying, this is obviously a dream meal to be accompanied with a party that goes to four, five, to dawn really. This is the kind of entertainment we used to do at the, at Lune Lodge. And so when you told me to come up with my dream meal, it wasn't hard, I've had it there and I wanted to share it with the world, for you. And we'd have music, the music we would have would be you know, Sam Moore, jamming by the fire with Keith and Ronnie.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Dan, I mean wow. There's a lot to talk about there. Especially, I mean actually do bare in mind that our producer, it's his job during these to write down everything our guest has ordered so that James can read their order back to them later and I'd imagine his hand's fallen off. Because there is so much in there. But it sounds absolutely incredible.
James Acaster: Well I've got a few questions. Cos you've talked about the hay days of Lune Lodge and I was wondering, your twenty guests who you've got for this are there a particular twenty guests you have in mind, who are the kind of people you'd love to come along.
Dan Aykroyd: Absolutely. Bill Murray, Paul Schaefer, Chevvy, Chaise, Lorraine Newman, Jane Curtin, my colleagues from SNL, Lauren Michaels and his family and then just local friends and then my my family which is, you know, can run from seven to twelve at any given time.
James Acaster: Have they been to, all these people have been to your Lune Lodge parties in the past?
Dan Aykroyd: Yes they have. They have been and have have enjoyed, have enjoyed it. They would love this meal. I know my friends well, you know. And there's no duck in here, no fish or anything but it's a pretty basic green meal. The t-bone's, you know you do them right on the grill, you cross sear them and then there's an au jus that comes with them that you gather. And not too thick of a t-bone now, about a half inch, not a big thick. Don't compress me there, about a half inch because it's so much easier to manipulate and it's moist and very tasty and the way they do beef up here, around Canada is pretty impressive. If you're a meat-eater.
Ed Gamble: I'm imagining being a local friend invited to this party and then walking through this door and seeing who else is at this party and being absolutely terrified and turning around.
Dan Aykroyd: Well I don't know, my most of my friends here have met my well-known group from show-business, the well-known group of friends and you know the people that I that I live with up here and that are around are pretty basic, nothing nothing impresses somebody form the country up here too much other than, you know a good rainfall, a good hay crop, a fine drink around the fire. You know we take people as they come, the qualification for friendship in my mind is a good heart and not so much fame or accomplishment but a good heart and spirit so those are the only people that walk through my doors.
James Acaster: So you've talked about wanting the t-bone, so let's delve into that a bit more. I'd like to know when you realised that was your favourite kind of steak, that was the cut for you. We've had people on this podcast before Dan, once we had a guest on this podcast and they chose a steak for their main and they chose a well-done rump steak and it upset us.
Dan Aykroyd: Grrrr, charge up the chain saw, whoa boy. Well the t-bone because of the bone, the bone the bone the bone, they just, if it's cooked right, the flavour comes out of that bone, you get an au jus out of it and you know the tenderloin, the tender part of it there that you cut away easily is just, it morselises as if it were chocolate. And then at the other side of it, if the longer side of it is done right it's very easy to to cut and dissolves in the mouth beautifully in a medium/ well-cooked temperature. Yeah so love the t-bone, I fell in love at the farm, before Lune Lodge was built we just had a couple of shacks there by the lake, we used to throw those t-bones on the grill, we had a real grocer. He would just, you'd come in and you'd walk in the back and you'd select the slab from where you'd want them, you know. It would cut right off and they'd be right from the yard to the butcher to the table you know, in a half day. And then, you know, we'd have these long harvest dinners where we'd have a table for thirty people with picnic tables all lined up. And it was the t-bones then and nothing as elaborate as what I've gone through here but all with peas and good garlic mashed potato, lots of garlic. You know, I'll just, as a snack, I'll take a pan and then I'll take some garlic buds, I'll peel them and I'll put them in there with a little oil and I'll do them up like nuts and just just eat them.
James Acaster: Ah delicious.
Dan Aykroyd: Yeah they're delicious and great for the blood and a healing, very very healing plant.
Ed Gamble: How often do you do that? How often do you get some garlic cloves and cook them up as a snack?
Dan Aykroyd: I haven't done it in a while, I really should, I did it, well I threw a lot of garlic into a pasta the other day that my friend was making so I chopped some up then but I need the little pan, I've got to get that little pan for for doing the garlic. Now Ben deForest's restaurant, Ken `N' Becks is a world renowned restaurant because people go to the vineyard as a tourist destination from all over the planet and Ben does the beautiful garlic buds in the little pan there and his specialty is pan cooking, it's just, it's really exciting to eat there. Anybody headed to Massachusetts this summer, make sure you get on the ferry early, they just hack it, the ferry from Martha's Vineyard from Wood's Hall, they hacked into it and the boats weren't running there for a while, you know, some ransom were out of it.
Ed Gamble: What they hacked into them and they started controlling them? How do you hack a boat?
Dan Aykroyd: They hacked them so that they couldn't their electronic systems weren't working, they couldn't be part from the dock and reservation also were shut down so I don't know if they paid or not and so, this is world war, this is a world war three what's happening here in the cyber world. And that's why it's comforting food and drink in this world. Very comforting. You know, after I recommend to your MI6 and to your, all of your people over there in intelligence all in Britain and
Ed Gamble: They all listen. They all listen to it.
Dan Aykroyd: Yeah I know they, of course they do. They're gourmands, they're gourmands and you know, this is the community that loves fine living because of government expense chips that they can turn in. So I speak to the intelligence community and say hang in there, but no, this is the Third World War happening and so eat and drink well. Here's my MI6 cosmo, it would be three ounces of the Head, egg-white and white cranberry juice shaken and put up in a glass. In a martini glass. So that's the hardworking intelligence and counter-terrorist community in England. That's the dream.
Ed Gamble: Do you have a cocktail for every sort of industry?
James Acaster: Hmm, if we gave you an industry, would you be able to name a cocktail that we could make for them?
Dan Aykroyd: Oh sure! Tell me, what do you think?
James Acaster: Er, chimney sweeps.
Dan Aykroyd: Oh wow er, for chimney sweeps you'd want a nice kind of a, almost like a milky cocktail, something really sweet and milky and clean. I would say you know, the Crystal Head corn, you know the original one over here, well it's in our pride bottle, pride month, happy pride month! This is our pride bottle
James Acaster: Happy pride month to you
Ed Gamble: Oh wow, look at that! That's amazing.
Dan Aykroyd: Yeah our corn is in here so I would say you take the corn and you would take a little like a Drambuie, and nutmeg and some good good milk, just two percent milk, not too thick, and shake that up and that would be kind almost just like a cold head shake you know.
James Acaster: That's the chimney sweep drink? I love it.
Dan Aykroyd: Yeah but fine, you know, fine food and wine of course you know it's such a tradition in all the spy novels that have been written and the movies you know. And in England and the UK, your community does that stuff great and as you say, yeah they're listening to us now, yeah.
James Acaster: They're listening and they're gonna have that cocktail.
Ed Gamble: But you say it's like in the spy novels and in James Bond films as well of course he has a vodka martini, shaken not stirred, but a shaken martini is a nightmare surely, this is what I've heard, that no one who knows their martinis would order a shaken martini, Dan.
Dan Aykroyd: I disagree, I believe that a shaken martini with the right with an espresso certainly, you want to shake that up you want to get a nice foamed one you want to get that coco, that coffee in there, you want to you want blend that up, cos it just comes out the other end like a soft cone from Dairy Queen. It's such a treat. The shaker is a beautiful sound first of all, and if you're going into a bar it's one of the, first of all, next to the Harley Davidson motor cycle, or train wheels, or the laughter of my children.
James Acaster: That's fourth.
Dan Aykroyd: The sound of a shaky, of a cocktail shaker means fun and it's entertainment and it means, and bar chefs can do so much now with shaken martinis that I wouldn't worry about that for me so but some people are going to skew to that line and I will make you, with either of my beverages, a martini with or without, with just the vodka or maybe lemon or little ice chips. Certainly I like it with ice and it will be delicious. I think cocktails are important in our community as we congregate as we get back to bars. Bar chefs, cocktails, that world will serve mankind well, if one can consume beverage alcohol moderately, you know food and the drink that goes with and the food that goes with the drink will be so exciting to share in a congregated community once we get the world back to normal. And did you get vaccinated yet you guys?
James Acaster: I did. I had my second one today.
Dan Aykroyd: Good good.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, I've had both of mine as well, we're both double jabbed.
Dan Aykroyd: I've got all of them. I said give me all three. I got them in the States, give me all three. And they said, 'oh well it wouldn't really hurt you', and I didn't get sick.
James Acaster: The other question that I've got to ask is, you've been, we've heard so much great stuff about the Crystal Head vodka, and like, you clearly, you're working on it very hard, there's loads of stuff you're doing. You're thinking about every single element of it, every element of it. Every element of it, element of the drink, the ingredients, the design, how they work in cocktails, it's on your mind a lot. If I may ask you a Ghost Busters question and bring in Crystal Head.
Dan Aykroyd: Sure. Well, alright.
James Acaster: At the end of the Ghost Busters, the first film of Ghost Busters, the first one. You've gotta not think of anything because if you think of anything it will materialise. Do you think these days you would think of Crystal Head and then you would look down and through the streets is coming a giant skull glass and how, a) do you think that's what you would think of and that is what would then attack the city? And b) how would the Ghost Busters defeat it?
Dan Aykroyd: Man, if I had to go back and be that character right there I probably would go blank, I wouldn't think of anything. Because you got, you gotta be careful what you wish for.
James Acaster: Do you think Crystal Head would just win, do you think it would be a very different film? It would be unbeatable.
Dan Aykroyd: Ah well, well the head is very benevolent you see, the head has a nice little smile. The head, I mean it could appear in the sky as as sort of a, and rain good vodka on the crowd in the movie I suppose but no, it's not a, you know, while some operators, now the Aztec and were able to operate it for causes of doom and destruction, apparently, but they were mostly known as crystal balls in North America and Central America the Indigenous tribes the Anasazi, Suzi, the Navaho, the Aztec, the Mayans, they all had a crystal head. So it's a benevolent skull, it's a smiling skull, but, in its history I'm sure it was used by operators to call down doom upon enemies and rivals, so the law goes of the thirteen crystal heads which is what we based our design on.
James Acaster: Well, in history the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man's very nice and friendly
Dan Aykroyd: He is part of history.
James Acaster: But then at the end turned up and was extremely, you know, cos when Zuul thought of it
Dan Aykroyd: Yah, he was, he was you know on all the bags in stores for kids at campfire and and was thought of as benevolent and that's why Stantz thought of the most benevolent thing but you've got to be careful what you wish for.
James Acaster: You've got to be careful.
Dan Aykroyd: Now we used to have something in Canada called the Angelus Marshmallow Man, he was a cop, the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man was a sailor, if you recall, so it was a little different. But it was, I I based that on the Angelus Man and the Pilsbury Doughboy or the Michelin Tyre Man, all cute pudgy little creatures, well sure but watch out, they have a bad side.
James Acaster: What do you think is the best profession for someone made entirely of marshmallow?
Ed Gamble: Good question.
James Acaster: Would it be a cop, or a sailor? Or maybe another job?
Ed Gamble: Unemployed.
Dan Aykroyd: A psychiatrist. Cos you could just keep peppering them, they'd absorb. Keep peppering them, they'd absorb.
Ed Gamble: And they wouldn't need a coach they could just lie on their stomach and talk about their problems.
Dan Aykroyd: Indeed indeed. Well I hope I've helped you here for your project, is someone actually going to try to cook this meal?
James Acaster: Yeah Benito's going to try and cook it.
Ed Gamble: The thing is I think it sounds all, I think it sounds absolutely delicious. I'm concerned that we won't be able to find the right pesto because you said you travel the world to try and find the best pestos.
Dan Aykroyd: Well tell me, find find a restaurant in London. Find somebody there, run a contest. You know we run a Star Tender contest with the skull. You make a recipe and they join our Star Tender club and we have prizes and awards for bar chefs everywhere and let's let's do a pesto, let's do a you know, Off The Menu pesto contest.
James Acaster: That would be great.
Ed Gamble: Look I'd absolutely love that. Were you aware Dan, when you came up with the skull idea, to put the vodka in the skull, I'm a big heavy metal fan, were you aware quite how much you were gonna capture the the drinking habits of the heavy metal fans? Because it's the only vodka you see in any of these heavy metal places now.
Dan Aykroyd: Well that's cool, wow I, wow I'm glad that that community's embraced it. I think we were more looking at just the aspect of it as a vessel that conveyed not so much negative death connotations
as positive, life-giving, enlightening connotations but, we're in biker bars, it's true, we're in heavy metal bars. We work hard to bring the consumer a good experience I think that's why it's in all communities but it looks good in a heavy metal bar, looks good in a steak house you know, right, right there.
Ed Gamble: Dan you know how quite often a celebrity will put their name to a spirit and they won't really know much about it, they just put their name to it, I'm getting the sense that that's to what's going on here. I feel like you'd invested quite a lot of time in this.
Dan Aykroyd: Well I started, I started in the tequila business. I was the, I was the agent for Patrón Tequila in Canada so I learnt about the business then and about making tequila then and then I was looking for other categories and now that's been sold to Bacardi, I'm no longer involved, and then I decided let's try to clean up vodka. I didn't like the over viscosity, I didn't like the fact that you opened a bottle of vodka and it smelt like Chanel Number 10 or it didn't smell like anything, I didn't like the cat's tongue taste on some of them, they were rough. You know if you don't have quality you don't have a business, nobody's going to come back and drink it. Nobody's going to say, oh that's nice I'll put that on my shelf, I'm not going to crack another one tonight, thank you. But that's not what's happening. We're in seventy eight countries with multiple awards and medals and I'm proud to go around the world and say, it's Canadian.
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread?
Dan Aykroyd: What's that?
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread Dan?
Dan Aykroyd: Oh! Popadom. Oh yeah, popadoms for sure. Actually you know I would eschew and just ... by all western cooking. Even this meal I've shown you if I could eat Indian every night.
Ed Gamble: Well we can change it if you like?
Dan Aykroyd: Well okay so that would be popadom, that would be sag a, sag aloo, sag gosht and a great mild vegetarian curry and lots of basmati rice and let's see, the, that beautiful chicken that they do, masala chicken. I would do lots of tandoori, have the oven just cooking like three or four birds tandoori style. Butter chicken, the dahl, the raita, a few chapatis maybe. A lassi to cool it all off at the end and some ice cream. Yeah that's a dream Indian meal right there.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Dan Aykroyd: And that's easier for you to do in London maybe than the the monster I've created here for our show.
Ed Gamble: Would you still have a blunt at the end of your Indian meal, would there still be a blunt?
James Acaster: Oh yes, the blunt!
Dan Aykroyd: Where legal. Where legal yeah. Yeah I'd offer that to my guests where legal. I have trouble smoking it because I get, it makes me sneeze and I have a something going on with the terpenes that does something to my nasal eustachian system, I don't know.
Ed Gamble: Is that the next step for Crystal, maybe remove the terpenes and have like a pure a pure weed brand?
Dan Aykroyd: Well, Jimmy Belushi is launching the Blues Brothers working man's weed brand and
James Acaster: Ah
Dan Aykroyd: Yep and so I've granted him, Judy and I, Judy Belushi and I have granted him a license to go out and purvey to the market a product that people, that's affordable, that's high quality affordable. Just think if the if football leagues like the NFL or the, you know, allow their players, instead of going home and popping a pill for a knee injury, to smoke something or to take some CBD or or THC CBD. I believe it's, in it's healing properties, I really do. My dad was on it at the end of his life for anxiety and for sleeping and we'd give him a few drops there and he'd sleep like a baby. And he lived 'til he was 98 and we gave him some THC too and he, you know to help with hallucinations. To enhance them.
James Acaster: You said sativa, that's quite a mild strain is that correct?
Dan Aykroyd: Well I don't know maybe after the Indian meal we'd move to an indica but the Chernobyl pre-roll is a beautiful product. It's a sativa that's rolled in this beautiful kief sauce and my guests who do indulge enjoy that. And of course there's no operation of boats or jet skis, motor vehicles after this, we're sitting by the fire while this is going on and everybody then can go off to their various cabins on the property and go to sleep. So we put everybody up, everybody that will come that day will be put up with a bed at the place.
Ed Gamble: Your dessert sounded delicious, would you ever consider swapping out the dessert Dan and replacing it with a cheese board?
Dan Aykroyd: Well I had the cheese board at the top with the pepper jelly and the pecorino and the stilton. What would I add to that cheese board? Not, not much. No I enjoy a good cheese board at the end but you've got to have your brandy, you've got to have your whiskey, you've got to have your brown spirit there. Or a Chateau d'Yquem but sure, I mean, I love the pecorino and I love the stilton I, we have some great Canadian cheddars here both yellow and white that are that are wonderful. So maybe maybe as the fire progresses and people get a little hungry that's a good idea. You know I'll bring out an apple cheese board.
Ed Gamble: Bring the cheese back out.
Dan Aykroyd: Yeah and then we're gonna be, we'll start swilling red wine again we'll be, it'll be three in the morning and we'll be cracking another bottle of Margaux or a Stag's Leap or anything with a Saint or an X in it.
James Acaster: Yeah. We enjoyed a bottle of Stag's Leap together once Ed didn't we?
Ed Gamble: We did and I'm literally looking, I can see from where I'm sat a bottle of Stag's Leap and a bottle of Crystal Head. So I think I think we'd have a good night.
Dan Aykroyd: Oh no no, we would have a great great night if, yeah we should we should recreate this at the farm.
Ed Gamble: We're counting that as an invitation Dan, we're gonna, we're just gonna show up on your doorstep.
Dan Aykroyd: We're ready, we're opening up. Ontario's ready, Ontario is ready.
Ed Gamble: Fantastic man.
James Acaster: We'll show up, smoke a blunt with Bill Murray. Yes please.
Dan Aykroyd: Oh sure! Sure. I'd like, I want him to come any time. He's welcome, he can hide out permanently at my house as far as I'm concerned. He's a busy man.
James Acaster: Thank you so much Dan this has been such a delicious menu.
Ed Gamble: It's been fantastic.
James Acaster: Have you eaten today? Are you now going to go off and eat something?
Dan Aykroyd: Well, I think I'm going to go to Chez Piggy's and I'm going to order the spring rolls and the châ giô salad, the Vietnamese style salad with the spring rolls chopped up in it and also some pitta and hummus and I will have a Bar Car martini and then I don't know what he's doing for a chicken today but there are magnificent restaurants in this in this town. Dianne's Fish Bar, we've got Atomica pizza cafe, Woodenheads pizza cafe, there's a beautiful tapas bar, Tango Nuevo. And Kingston's quite, for the size of this town, two hundred thousand, Kingston's quite sophisticated with food and drink.
James Acaster: That's very helpful because we have a website for this podcast, there's a page on the website that is all the bars and all the restaurants that have been mentioned on this podcast and there's links to them so the more that you mention from Kingston, the more that are gonna end up on there. And I think we've kind of like, you know, that page hasn't got much Canadian places at the minute, we're underrepresented there, so if you want to mention any other great Canadian restaurants?
Dan Aykroyd: Oh well of course, Il Latini in Montreal and Canoe in Toronto and, oh yeah, there's quite a variety, quite a variety of good good spots here. And all of them serve the Head.
James Acaster: Well I was gonna say, if any of our listeners do go to Canada and they want to go and get a Head somewhere, a lovely cocktail of the Head, where's the best place in Canada where you've personally sat and drank your own product?
Dan Aykroyd: Well I would say, where would I go in Toronto to sit down and have it? Oh, surprisingly, The Hilton Hotel, the bar at the Hilton Hotel.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
Dan Aykroyd: The guys in there are fantastic, they love the product, they know how to use it, make it all different kinds of ways. I would go there that's, I know I could get a good reliable service on the cocktail there cos they've done the research. Yeah, so the Hilton in Toronto.
Ed Gamble: Have you ever been anywhere, Dan, where you've had your own product at a bar and you've had to take them aside and go, you're treating this all wrong?
Dan Aykroyd: Well I, first of all if if my product is seen on the bar I applaud and I immediately deplete the bottle by buying the entire room all rounds so I'll buy them right out of the product and then I'll say, aren't we all having fun? Here's the story, here's why it's so good, why people enjoy it.
James Acaster: I think if I was in a bar and someone came in and they bought the whole room drinks, that would be a big deal for me, I've never had that happen before, I'd be quite excited.
Ed Gamble: Huge.
James Acaster: If it then turned out that the person who has bought everyone drinks owns the company that makes the drink, that would blow my mind, and if that person on top of that was Dan Aykroyd who then told me about the history of the drink and everything, I think that would be quite a memorable evening. I mean these people who who have experienced this must have afterwards been like, hold on, did that just happen?
Dan Aykroyd: Well if you were a bar operator I would hope for a placement, a permanent placement on the bar so. Yeah we we you know, we're honest about it and we like people to have a good time. And it's about laughs and fun and and you know it's it's the only, for bar chefs it's the only head that can talk, you know, that can talk to. You throw it up on the ground, in the air, like a basketball. It doesn't break
Ed Gamble: It's alright.
Dan Aykroyd: I've only broken one.
Ed Gamble: Well thank you so much for coming on off menu that's a wonderful menu there.
James Acaster: Thank you Dan!
Ed Gamble: Well! That was that. Look, I loved it, we're slightly shell-shocked still I'd say.
James Acaster: Well I didn't even read out the menu back to him.
Ed Gamble: No because I'd imagine we don't have half the menu written down because Benito's fingers have been worn down to a nub trying to type it as Dan said it.
James Acaster: He definitely tried. Water: jugs of warm lemon water.
Ed Gamble: But that comes at the end of the meal. The water comes at the end of the meal, don't forget that.
James Acaster: Yes, I mean we didn't really, that was the only water that was mentioned, so I guess we can put that on the water course. A warm jug of lemon water. And a vodka martini with Crystal Head, that was at the top. Popadoms or head, he said popadoms.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, at the end. But that's when he changed it to an Indian meal so
James Acaster: Yes.
Ed Gamble: That was my fault, I hold my hands up, making him change it to an Indian meal was my fault.
James Acaster: Yeah well we, but we got a whole Indian meal in there as well, that's nice. Starter: pecorino stilton and red pepper jelly, with pappardelle pesto.
Ed Gamble: It does sound nice.
James Acaster: Main: mixed grill, baby lamb chops with mint jelly, t-bone steak half inch, horseradish, roasted chicken with lemon, Yorkshire pudding, gravy peas.
Ed Gamble: Er, James, at what point did you realise he was going to do the whole meal?
James Acaster: Um, I think
Ed Gamble: Was it when I tried to interrupt him
James Acaster: When tried to interrupt, yeah when you tried to interrupt during the pecorino and it was made very clear to you that that won't be necessary and he carried on and I thought to myself, this is great, I absolutely love it, I'm going to see how long I can go without talking. And if I make it to the end of the podcast and all I've said is
Ed Gamble: Popadoms or bread?
James Acaster: `Welcome to the Dream Restaurant we've been expecting you for some time', that will be really funny. I mean definitely during this bit, when it was Yorkshire puddings, gravy peas, brussel sprouts, garlic mash, rosemary roast potatoes, I was like, this is the whole main, we're in the whole main already
Ed Gamble: Yeah, here we go.
James Acaster: Side: chopped Caesar salad. Drink: chardonnay. Dessert: mocha dacquoise, dacquoise? Espresso martini with Crystal Head. A cigar. Mission Hill whiskey or brandy afterwards, this is afterwards, with a two gram Chernobyl pre-roll blunt and then to the fire. Donuts, in butter
Ed Gamble: That sounded so good! We didn't even ask about the donuts.
James Acaster: The donuts in butter sounded amazing!
Ed Gamble: Oh man. James, can I tell you about a donut I had the other night.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: I went to a restaurant called Casa Mia in Bristol and they finished off the meal with sourdough donuts rolled in lamb fat and then chargrilled and then rolled in salt and sugar. Absolutely phenomenal.
James Acaster: Wow. I would like to try those very much.
Ed Gamble: I had an absolute nightmare during that interview, I mean I didn't have a lot to do. But an Amazon man came knocking and he knocked twice so you probably heard that in the background, and now someone's texting me and at one point I was going to literally lean out the window and go, 'I am interviewing Dan Aykroyd', and then for some reason my eye starting weeping. I've got no idea why, it just went bright red, ceased up, and started weeping. That's what happens when I don't talk for an extended period of time is my brain starts trying to escape through my face.
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Oh. Absolute nightmare. All while I was interviewing Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster: I feel this is the kind of episode that warrants repeat listens. I think that it will be funny for listeners to listen to it again and know what they're going into the second time around and really enjoy that it is quite funny when two podcast hosts just completely loose control of their own podcast and have to just deal with the fact that the whole entire world has changed. And you know, I think that's fun. Especially while, you know, a Hollywood A lister sells sells vodka also during it as well. And like very high quality vodka.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, this opportunity, you're not helping by saying things like that James. I'm going to take this opportunity to say this was not a sponsored podcast.
James Acaster: Nope. It wasn't sponsored.
Ed Gamble: It was not spon. We expected Dan to mention his vodka, sure, we know he puts a lot of time and effort into it and he's sort of known for it now, but we were not paid for it.
James Acaster: We didn't get paid for it, no.
Ed Gamble: I've not even plugged my tour, I should have plugged my tour. I didn't get one opportunity to plug my tour and now everyone's going to go and buy a bottle of Crystal Head, the pride bottle is out now. It's a beautiful bottle, happy pride month, I loved it though.
James Acaster: Look. When I was a little kid, watching Ghost Busters, I had an obsession with Ghost Busters, if you had told me that I would grow up one day, I'd have a conversation, first of all you'd have to explain the concept of zoom and zoom calls.
Ed Gamble: And podcasts.
James Acaster: Yeah and podcasts and everything. I still don't, let's face it, I'm still not really, completely across that.
Ed Gamble: No you're not across that are you?
James Acaster: But, if you said, this man, that man there on the tv, the Ghost Buster, he will talk to you for nearly an hour, well basically he'll talk to you until he's decided it's time to stop.
Ed Gamble: Yes.
James Acaster: And he will wish you good luck with your project. He will say, 'I hope I helped you with your project'.
Ed Gamble: Yeah he he said that half an hour in, 'I hope I helped you with your project', and that made me feel eight.
James Acaster: Yes. It really put into perspective what we're doing here.
Ed Gamble: Yep, yeah.
James Acaster: From the man who has conquered Hollywood and now has a vodka empire and he talks to us and goes, 'I hope I've helped you with your project because or whatever it is you two are doing here'.
Ed Gamble: Yes. Oh I loved, I mean I just loved it, I'll be thinking about that for a long time. edgamble.co.uk for tickets to my tour.
James Acaster: Yes please. What's the show called?
Ed Gamble: Yep. Electric.
James Acaster: Electric.
Ed Gamble: Well, he didn't say ectoplasm either.
James Acaster: I tell you what as well, when I asked him who was going to be at the at the meal, I thought about saying for a joke, 'is it Bill Murray?', and then, but it is! They're proper friends!
Ed Gamble: Yep! Bill Murray, Lorne Michaels, I'd be absolutely terrified of them.
James Acaster: Lorne Michaels would as well? It was nice to see the whole, that he's buddies with all those people, that was nice. And I, I dunno, I think I'm going to spend quite a few days reflecting on this.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Sitting around and then just every now and again my mind will drift to it and I'll think about it. If I remember
Ed Gamble: Look, shout out to Dan Aykroyd, he'd done his prep. Sometimes people show up on this podcast and they just go like, 'a chocolate thing'? Dan, absolutely not. He'd done his prep and he was ready
to deliver everything that he'd, he'd worked on. This is the longest intro and outro we've ever done and quite rightly.
James Acaster: It's gotta be. I mean, you know, I think that people tune into our podcast to hear the guests but I think, also you know, we play a role in it. And I think we've got to make up for that now, people have got to hear our voices enough at then and, you know, also, just be assured, as the listener, that we are aware of what just happened.
Ed Gamble: Do you want to ask me any questions that you wanted to ask Dan Aykroyd? Or tell any anecdotes that relate to Dan Aykroyd now?
James Acaster: Well something I was going to ask Dan Aykroyd was, you know, I was going to pick up on the Yorkshire puddings and say Ed doesn't like Yorkshire puddings, it's an ongoing thing on the podcast, can you convert Ed to like Yorkshire puddings. And it would have been quite impressive to see how the answer to that question ended up being about Crystal Head vodka. I mean, do you know what, that's the thing as well, I'm not even, I mean, I really don't want these intros and outros to sound like we're making fun of Dan in any way
Ed Gamble: Oh no, not at all.
James Acaster: I genuinely, every time he kept bringing up the stuff about the Crystal Head I was like, I am weirdly invested into this. Like he's very passionate about it, really knows his stuff. I was, I was hanging on every word.
Ed Gamble: I went to Disney and Universal when I was a kid, with my friend and his mum. And his mum really fancied the man playing Dan Aykroyd's Ghost Buster's character at Universal. And like we had to follow around the Ghost Busters all day and she asked him to marry her, as a joke and he looked very uncomfortable. So I thought maybe we could play around with that.
James Acaster: Yeah, we could have told him that, that would have been funny. Oh well, that didn't happen.
Ed Gamble: That would have been good.
James Acaster: Er I went on a walk with my sister and my nephews recently and one of the nephews he's a little boy, ran really far ahead, waited for us for ages, for probably twenty minutes just waiting for us, looking at us the whole time we were walking down the foot path. For twenty minutes just staring at us and then we got to him went, 'who you gonna call?', and then ran away.
Ed Gamble: Great.
James Acaster: So, you know. He's constantly, Dan Aykroyd, inspiring every single generation, every new generation, Ghost Busters is a thing for them, becomes a thing.
Ed Gamble: Also, a huge shout out to you James for deliberately creating more work for the Great Benito in putting all those Canadian restaurants on the website, I love that you did that.
James Acaster: Yes I was really pleased with that and thinking like cos it's like an episode where really you would think that no work needed to be done at all, but we we got away with hardly doing anything and Benito's gonna be up all night, typing all of those up, finding all the links to them, he's got so much work to do.
Ed Gamble: I think that we should clock-off this bonus episode. I hope I've helped you with your project. Let's call it a day, I've had an absolute ball, what a weird afternoon and er, yeah.
James Acaster: I had a great time. For context also for the listener, it's an absolutely boiling hot day today and we were waiting, we were thinking surely this is just gonna be cancelled because we often have many high profile guests lined up and they always cancel on us a lot of the time, and we all think, ah well, okay. And then Dan Aykroyd we're like, oh surely not, surely Dan Aykroyd isn't going to do this podcast, and and it was so hot. And I was like, my brain's not even working, and what I needed really was someone who just took charge. Who got the job done and then we have to say piggy.
Ed Gamble: Oh I thought you were talking about me then, I thought you were talking about me. No, it wasn't me, it wasn't me sadly. I didn't need to do anything.
James Acaster: It wasn't you. You were sitting there with your eyes weeping at some at one point out of nowhere.
Ed Gamble: Yep. Half my head was on fire, the Amazon man knocked on the door. Awful performance from me but luckily Dan was there to take the reins, ironically I'm going to go and have a Crystal Head vodka now and it is four thirty PM.
James Acaster: Of course you are!
Ed Gamble: Series Six is going to start soon.
James Acaster: Series Six will start soon and you bet you better bet your bottom dollar that we're going to go right back to the normal format, all your favourites, nothing's going to throw you, normal structure. I mean let's try and get everyone from Ghost Busters on one by one.
Ed Gamble: I wouldn't change a thing though. I wouldn't change a thing about what's happened today
James Acaster: I wouldn't change a, I can't hammer this home enough, we would not change anything about what's just happened. I mean listen, we've had many great experiences on this podcast, loads of weird things. Once we ran a little competition where members of the public could come on and have their dream menu and a very nice man bought the experience for his sister and it turned out she'd never seen the podcast before but fancied Ed and myself and it was a very weird experience.
Ed Gamble: Well actually, she fancied you, she knew she fancied you. And she'd had a drink as well, let's add that in, she fancied you and then during the call also decided she fancied me. So it was
James Acaster: Yes, she saw you, she liked what she saw.
Ed Gamble: Yes, and, she had as much respect for the format as Dan Aykroyd.
James Acaster: Yes, she did. But without the back catalogue and the career to back it up.
Ed Gamble: Yes. Look, let's clock-off now but what what fun it's been, James
James Acaster: What fun it's been.
Ed Gamble: I'll see you for series six.
James Acaster: Can't wait to get Dan Aykroyd on a redemption episode one day.
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast, dicing chat into tiny little cubes. Nah that's not good is it James?
James Acaster: Oh that was bad.
Ed Gamble: I knew the general area it was gonna be in and then I ran out half way through.
James Acaster: That was maybe the weakest one we've ever had.
Ed Gamble: Yeah it was definitely.
James Acaster: Cos I think you've talked about dicing stuff before.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Well what else am I going to do now? Come on.
James Acaster: Yeah it's hard isn't it? It's hard, you've made your bed.
Ed Gamble: Ah hang on. Pouring the sugar of fun into the heated tin of the internet and making the candyfloss of content.
James Acaster: Now, that is much better. I maybe think a bit more as a drum, a heated drum.
Ed Gamble: What was it, a heated tin did I say?
James Acaster: A tin, you said a heated tin. But like, more of a drum but otherwise that's good and getting the internet involved you kind of
Ed Gamble: Rarely get the internet involved.
James Acaster: You always normally focus on chat and fun and stuff like that
Ed Gamble: And humour
James Acaster: And humour. But you don't often, you know, remember that this is an online thing and you can get the internet involved so that's a new string to your bow now, when it comes to this.
Ed Gamble: Well you knowing it's an online thing is a new string to your bow.
James Acaster: Yeah well I've just learnt it from, you said it just then I've assumed it was true, that the internet's involved.
Ed Gamble: Do you want to tell everyone what this is, James?
James Acaster: Yes. As far as I know, this is the Off Menu podcast. We've got a Dream Restaurant, Ed's the Maître D, I am the genie and we invite a new guest in every week and we ask them their favourite ever starter, main course, side dish, drink, dessert to make their dream meal. And this week, our very special guest in the Dream Restaurant is
Both: Ross Kemp.
Ed Gamble: Ross Kemp! It's Ross Kemp.
James Acaster: It's Ross Kemp.
Ed Gamble: It's Ross Kemp. The Actor. The documentarian. I mean it's Ross Kemp. National treasure.
James Acaster: I was gonna say. Those were about to be the two words next two words out of my mouth Ed. Yeah, national treasure. That's what I was about to say.
Ed Gamble: National treasure. You'll know him from everything. Well no, specific things actually: Eastenders, Ross Kemp on Gangs, my favourite tv show at university, Ultimate Force which, I'm not sure I'm going to get a chance to bring up with Ross because I'll absolutely fanboy. We had a tv that the aerial didn't work on so we couldn't get regular tv. We only had a small collection of DVDs and one of those DVDs was the Ultimate Force box set. In one episode he captures a machete in mid-air and in one movement slices off a man's head.
James Acaster: What? See I was still thinking about his documentaries. I haven't seen Ultimate Force.
Ed Gamble: Oh mate. You have got to watch Ultimate Force. It is phenomenal.
James Acaster: What, he killed someone? I'm gonna interview this guy?
Ed Gamble: No he has not killed everyone in real life but he has spoken to a lot of people who have killed other people in real life.
James Acaster: He has done. What a life. I mean I don't think we've had a guest on the podcast who has spoken to as many killers before.
Ed Gamble: Correct.
James Acaster: So this will be interesting. Will that influence the food choices, who know?
Ed Gamble: And look, Ross Kemp is no stranger to podcasts, he has his own podcast: The Kemp Cast, where he chats to interesting people and chats about their lives and their stories and things like that. Sounds like quite a good journalistic podcast James, unlike this piece of absolute shit.
James Acaster: We will see. Maybe we will turn this piece of absolute shit into the crème de la crème this week. But, more than likely it'll stay a piece of absolute shit. I know he's met a lot of dangerous people but he has not met us before.
Ed Gamble: He has not met an angry genie.
James Acaster: He's not met an angry genie.
Ed Gamble: Who has just heard a secret ingredient that we have decided before the episode and if Ross Kemp says a secret ingredient we will kick him out and yes, I'm gonna grab him around the scruff of the neck, you're gonna grab his boots, Benito's gonna tickle him on the way out and we're gonna chuck him out of here.
James Acaster: We are. Machete or no machete, he's going out. And this week, the secret ingredient which we deem to be disgusting is
Both: Chicken mince.
Ed Gamble: I've had nice chicken mince but I would agree that broadly it dries out very quickly. If, if you know you line out all the minces it's gonna be the first one I push off the table.
James Acaster: Yeah, look. In general I think chicken mince is alright. But I think the idea of it is disgusting. Thinking of it is gross.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: And thank you very much to the person who suggested chicken mince. We get people to tweet the podcast and this week chicken mince was suggested to us by Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble: It wasn't, it wasn't Bleasdale, James. It wasn't Bleasdale.
James Acaster: BLEASDALE! BLEASDALE!
Ed Gamble: This is going to be a confusing one
James Acaster: THANK YOU BLEASDALE!
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much for the suggestion of chicken mince from @cssheeran.
James Acaster: It sounds like an alias. Of Bleasdale.
Ed Gamble: It sounds like an alias of a sheep is what is sounds like who's clearly putting other meats forward as a secret ingredient.
James Acaster: Yes, actually. They want lamb mince to take over, they don't like people getting on the mince turf.
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: Well fair enough @cssheeran, let's see if you, if you get Ross Kemp kicked out of the Dream Restaurant you are officially hard as nails @cssheeran.
Ed Gamble: God I hope not. I'm so happy we've got Ross Kemp on the podcast.
James Acaster: So am I. I can't wait to hear his dream meal. Shall we get to it Ed?
Ed Gamble: Let's get to it. This is the Off Menu menu of
Both: Ross Kemp
Ed Gamble: Welcome Ross Kemp to the Dream Restaurant.
Ross Kemp: Thank you guys for inviting me.
James Acaster: Welcome Ross Kemp to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Ross Kemp: I'm here. At last.
James Acaster: Ah yes. Matching the sense of occasion with the voice there. Not enough people do that actually, I'm gonna complain about all the other guests who have ever been on this podcast who have never, have never done that.
Ed Gamble: Yes, for sure.
Ross Kemp: No I'm really happy to be here. I love food. Really, as you could probably tell by looking at me. And I think it's one of those few remaining pleasures left once you go past fifty so I enjoy it still very very much.
James Acaster: That must be a great thing about, you know, you've filmed loads of stuff all over the world. You get to like discover new dishes in different places. When you arrive in a different country are you trying to find out where the best places to eat are?
Ross Kemp: First thing. Yeah. Obviously you gotta spend time with the people that you're gonna be talking to, so you're not necessarily in their best restaurants. Going into favelas in Brail for instance, you know, you have to go through a thing called the boca de fuma, it's where they used to sell cannabis but they now sell everything from generally crackie crackie which is crack cocaine. But once you're through there and you're through the barricades where the guns are and the gangsters sit and you go up into the Favelas, you'll find all these small little restaurants that are selling skull beer, you won't find wine but you'll get some fantastic little barbeque restaurants and everyone's got a smile on their face, everyone's happy to be alive. And I've often found some of the more poorer (restaurants) have generally been the happiest places that I've been to. And I, when I was really young I took one of my first girlfriends, we went to France, I think I'd just got into East Enders and she ended up booking this really expensive restaurant in Èze village and it was like a comedy sketch from the Pythons. There were like twelve waiters in ascending height going 'bon soir bon soir bon soir bon soir', and I don't know to this day whether they did it on purpose but they gave, they're supposed to give, it's very sexist but they give the male the menu with the prices and they give the female the menu without the prices. But, for whatever reason, maybe because I was wearing a Marks and Spencers shirt that had holes in it, they swapped them round. So she got the prices. And I looked across at her, her name was Sue, and I said, 'Sue, are you okay? this was your idea, this is my birthday, you know, we're gonna splash the cash'. Then she went, 'have you seen what it costs for a bowl of bread?'. And, and I looked at it and it was like fifty or sixty francs, it must be four euros, and it was just like, do you know what, god bless her you know, we were too scared to order any food, we virtually, you know. And I just thought sod it, let's just, let's smash the credit card, which we did, and we had a very good time. But I remember the tears rolling down the cheeks and like, 'don't worry' and I looked at the menu went, 'oh shit'.
James Acaster: So that was it, from that day onwards you were done with the fancy pants places, into the favelas.
Ross Kemp: Into the favelas, yeah. And I've got like my options, some of the food are actually from fancy pants restaurants and some of them are actually not, they're just like, it's the food. And it's often the place, I think, it's the time and the place. So you know, I've got, you know there's really good memories attached to a lot of food and I think food can can bring up places for you, you know, you go back and the food's similar, you know what I mean? You can definitely recreate a good time in your life through food. Like you can through smells, you know.
Ed Gamble: If you had to join one of the gangs that you've spoken to and you were picking them based on what they were eating
James Acaster: Based on what they eat
Ed Gamble: What gang you going for? What gang has the best food?
Ross Kemp: Good call. Well one of the organised crime groups because they spend their life having a really good time. So one of the Russian chaps. I mean they just like spending their time, you know, coughing vodka and and having caviar. Although, actually there was a gang that I met in Ulan Batur which is obviously in Mongolia cos I knew that before I went there. (No). And they they frequented a sushi restaurant. Now Mongolia is one of the most landlocked countries on the planet and apart from the fact they like to have snuff and vodka for breakfast which I had to partake in, of course, to be accepted by the group.
Ed Gamble: Yeah sure. You're doing a documentary you've got to do it.
James Acaster: You gotta do it.
Ross Kemp: Exactly. They they just, this sushi used to be flying in from Japan everyday and I've never even been to Japan but I like sushi a lot and the sushi that these guys, this gang used to have apart from the fact that I didn't like the idea that they went around celebrating Hitler's birthday and they had SS tattoos on their heads and stuff like that
Ed Gamble: Yeah but that might have been for sushi sushi.
Ross Kemp: Sushi sushi yeah absolutely.
James Acaster: Scrumptious sushi.
Ross Kemp: Scrumptious, yeah.
James Acaster: Scrummy sushi.
Ross Kemp: So yeah, so maybe the richer gangs. The poorer gangs, possibly not.
James Acaster: Oh, that is, that is quite the bind. This sushi is delicious but these guys, I'm pretty sure they're Nazis.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: Um, what to do.
Ross Kemp: Yes, but they gave that away by the kit they were wearing and going around waving flags on Hitler's birthday which is something I never.. I also, I declined the cake on Hitler's birthday as well which they were quite upset about, funnily enough.
James Acaster: Well done.
Ed Gamble: Did the cake have Hitler on it?
Ross Kemp: Do you know, do you know what? Can I tell you how many times I've been offered cake by Nazis? Whether it be in in Moscow, Dallas or in fact, Ulan Batur. More than once and they, they love a cake.
James Acaster: Yeah, I didn't know that about Nazis. Why do you think they love cakes so much?
Ross Kemp: Well because they like sticking their insignia in anything they can, don't they? They like draping it everywhere. So why not put it on a cake? If you can stick it on your forehead stick it on your arm, you may as well stick it on your cake.
James Acaster: Yeah, and it's an easier way to get people in isn't it? Cos like they go, if we offer people the cake, their need for cake might override the fact that everything we believe is abhorrent. So, we'll get them in that way.
Ross Kemp: Yeah, and that is not joking. I can remember going to meet a load of Moscow Nazis and they literally put a salad out and the tomato ketchup they'd put a swastika.
Ed Gamble: Oh my god.
Ross Kemp: A cross. I mean, it's pathetic. Anyway. I don't wish to remember them.
James Acaster: Are you at that point now where whenever you meet a new gang of Nazis, before they've even opened your mouth went, 'no I don't want any cake thank you very much', and they're like, 'put it, put the Battenburg away, he doesn't want it'.
Ross Kemp: I can tell you something, I mean, you know, I've got to go through the whole menu but some of them do actually relate to places that I've been
Ed Gamble: Amazing.
Ross Kemp: I've also got a list of things that I just couldn't eat when I was offered
James Acaster: Oh right.
Ed Gamble: Oh great!
Ross Kemp: And one that I did do and had spectacular results, so I'll tell you about that when we get there.
James Acaster: Well let's start with still or sparkling water at the beginning.
Ross Kemp: I was really funny about still or sparkling, I will have still. And I often drink lots of water when I'm away, sadly, you know, it's often in plastic bottles and you only have to go to certain places that I've been to you see it pile up. But I try not to, if I can not to but sadly, yeah, still will be my choice. Although having said that when I go through times when I don't drink alcohol or anything like it, I will have a little bit of orange juice with some fizzy water, see. So if it's just water on its own, I'll have it still but if I'm going to mix some juice into it I might like it a little bit fizzy.
Ed Gamble: Gotta fizz it up.
James Acaster: Cos it's your dream meal, which one would fit the dream meal more? Which one would be like, that's special, that's what I'd like for the meal, that's the best way to start it off.
Ross Kemp: I would like some mineral water from Scotland in a glass bottle rather than a plastic bottle please.
Ed Gamble: Lovely. We can sort that out for you, easy.
James Acaster: Why Scotland?
Ross Kemp: It's slightly peaty, nice. It's properly out of that kind of fruit of those rocks. And I used to go walking out in Scotland quite a lot and there are, you know, little springs that you genuinely can find. And where people leave little cups and so before obviously covid and stuff like that people were less concerned and you can wipe it around anyway if you're carrying something, some hand wash with you. And you just fill up the cup and you pour from it, you just drink straight out of the the side of the mountain and that's, you know, that's so refreshing. Particularly if you've just climbed a bit, you walked a bit up a hill, you know. It's nice to have a nice drinky at the end of it.
Ed Gamble: That's one of the often forgotten victims of covid is the communal Scottish mountain cups.
James Acaster: Yeah
Ross Kemp: I reckon they're still there. I wouldn't try it right now though.
James Acaster: People don't talk about it enough. How we're not able to just walk along and pick a cup off of the floor and drink from it anymore because we don't know who's drunk out of it.
Ross Kemp: I can assure you, there's some people I know that still are.
James Acaster: Yeah sure. Some people going around. If we could sort it out for you that the Dream Restaurant has a Scottish spring directly funnelled into it that you can just drink fresh from, would you prefer that to a bottled water.
Ross Kemp: One hundred percent, just trust me, yeah lovely. Absolutely fantastic.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, well I think we can do that.
James Acaster: I think we'll do that. Have you ever been tempted to bring a cup with you on the walk and leave that for other people?
Ross Kemp: Do you know what, I haven't. Though you do take, when you go walking you used to take a thing called your piece and inside that would be like bread and maybe some some kind of like filling inside the bread, whether it be all gammon or cheese or pickle or something like that. And there would often be a little metal cup that came along with you but you know, wo betide you if you did not return said cup. So sometimes you would take a cup, if you didn't have a cup with you you could find one, generally, beside one of these springs. Or, which is probably generally more hygienic, you had a little cup in your pocket. And you often filled it with more than just spring water as well, if you were lucky.
James Acaster: When you say wo betide you if you didn't come back with the metal cup?
Ross Kemp: Well you got told off by the woman of the house, the lady that ran the Scotts cottage.
James Acaster: So hold on a sec, I might have missed something. You're staying in a cottage and someone's in charge of it and they give you your piece before you go out.
Ross Kemp: That's right. And you've got to come back, not only with your wrap foil, so you haven't left it up on the mountainside, fair point, you've also got to come back with your little aluminium cup.
James Acaster: You've also got to have the full shabang, otherwise you're being sent back up there to go and retrieve them.
Ross Kemp: Well she's cooking your dinner that night and you know, depending how she felt about you, you
know, depending on the quality of the food that you you got served. So. And it was also very good, I have to say.
James Acaster: There you go.
Ross Kemp: Although I have to say, it wasn't the most dangerous episode of my life, wondering whether the lady of the house was going to serve the dinner cold because we didn't come back with the aluminium cup.
James Acaster: I was gonna say, I'd absolutely love it if that was the one time you were like, 'you do not want to cross these women, they live in the Scottish mountains in a cottage'.
Ed Gamble: The only time I've feared for my life is Scottish cup lady.
James Acaster: Do you also want to say one of the foods that you've refused to eat before we continue? Pepper these throughout the episode?
Ross Kemp: Er, there's, not refused to eat, I didn't have a lot of choice in one case. I was in El Salvador, I was staying with or meeting members of MS13, Mara Salavatrucha, one of the most dangerous street gangs in the United States and across that part of central America and we were interviewing on a regular basis a guy called Chucho, who was the leader of the Little Pyschopaths and you're gonna love this, the Little Psychopaths of Del Gado. And he obviously carried a gun everywhere he went, more than one and so did his cohorts, and I made a really, I mean very very big error, early doors error, this is like the first series of gangs, I didn't have a clue what I was doing. I probably still didn't at the end of the nineteen programmes we made but his sister, she gave me a soft toy that you, they are in the petrol stations all across El Salvador city, they're little kind of furry gnome type thing and little face, plastic face, and then it was a ball of fur. And it was soaked in really really strong perfume and, you know, you're offered a gift so it is rude to refuse. Now, stupidly, I went and bought her one, I didn't soak it in perfume but I did give it back to her, like three or four days later, oh we're going back to Chucho's house, we'll take some beers, we'll take some food, won't take any cake with Swastikas on it but we will take something nice and sweet to eat as well. And I gave her this thing. What I was doing was getting engaged to Chucho's sister at that point. So when I explained to him that I already had a girlfriend at home, Chucho was rather unpleased. So he said you must come to my house before you leave and you must have chicken with us, right. So I remember, I was sitting next to Marta, Marta speaks really good Spanish, Portuguese and every other language around the world and she's been a great friend and a great supporter to me over the years. And she ended up being one of the big directors in all the films, like we went to Syria, Lybia, she's very brave lady. But she was just starting the job as well, so she was translating and you know, you've got to tell him that you're not marrying his sister, like I didn't want to tell him I'm not marrying his sister, he's got a gun. And he's put his gun on the table! And honestly, he brought out this chicken and it's like beautifully grilled chicken with a salad, and I look at my piece and it's pinker than my bald head. It has not seen flame or if it has it's just been licked delicately on the outside with it. So I put my fork into it and blood comes out, right, so I go, I can't eat this, I'm gonna be so sick. I can't eat this. So Chucho goes, 'oh pollo pollo, you pollo'. So, 'you eat the chicken, you eat the chicken'. And he's not waving at me with his finger, he's waving at me with some very large pistol. So I start eating the chicken and literally, I am three mouthfuls into this stuff, right, I've got drooling down the side, I look like a vampire, Marta's going 'wipe your chin, wipe your chin you look like you're bleeding'. And I go, 'I can't... I can't... I can't eat anymore', and I literally was like, by the time we got into the four by four and tried to drive back to the hotel I was actually like nearly like sick, passing out. And she's like,
you know, 'get yourself together Ross, get yourself together, you've just had four mouthfuls of chicken'. I said like, 'I need something, I've got food poisoning, I know I'm gonna be really sick, I'm gonna be really sick', and so she went off and the best thing she could find for whatever it was, severe food poisoning, was a it was a bottle of pepto bismol, which is an American anti-acid which is also bright pink, right. So I neck this, bad idea, I neck this and within seconds I was like a Roman candle at both ends spraying pink. Now I know that this won't make a food programme but it was quite a scene inside that bathroom.
James Acaster: Oh it will.
Ed Gamble: Oh man.
Ross Kemp: And I literally passed out and I woke up about seven or eight hours later and I was just sick for like three or four days. So Chucho's revenge.
James Acaster: But, you still married her?
Ross Kemp: I never married his sister and I definitely didn't marry the girlfriend when I got home either.
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread?! Popadoms or bread Ross Kemp?!?! Popadoms or bread?!
Ross Kemp: Yeah, it's gonna be sort of like Afghan flat bread. They make the best bread and it's it's ginormous. Think a three times size rugby ball. And and they make it, they can make it anywhere, they're just amazing people the Afghans. Yeah and so yeah, it's that kind of bread. I think it's quite healthy for you as well. I love all sorts of bread, they don't often love me but I love that kind of flatbread, really like it, particularly when it's it's grilled and crispy, it's just come straight off a skillet or off a stone slab. And it's got that crispiness to it, the bubble, it bubbles up and sort of goes slightly brown and crispy, I like crispy stuff.
Ed Gamble: To go with your chicken salad did Chucho give you just a ball of dough as well?
James Acaster: Yeah, eat the dough!
Ed Gamble: Eat the dough!
Ross Kemp: No but I've found, honestly, I've found a lot of the Afghan people I met to be so generous, so kind and when they have nothing will give you as much as they could. Unlike Chucho who would rather have, he gives you, they say the lead or the silver, la plomb o la plata, he was the lead or the chicken.
James Acaster: Yeah. You know what tv show I'd like to commission is every episode is the same as Ross Kemp on Gangs, it's all the same gangs, all the same people, but instead of you hosting it, Steve McFadden is hosting it and we get to see who the toughest one of the Mitchells is, proper. That's what I want. I
want to send Steve McFadden out to do the exact same things that you had to do and see how he fairs.
Ross Kemp: Do you know what, James, he has to deal with the BBC canteen everyday so he's got enough problems. I'm joking, the BBC canteen is very very nice but yeah. I mean, I'd be very happy to see him get that commissioned.
James Acaster: It would be a good laugh right?
Ross Kemp: Yeah it would be! You'd have to ask Steve, I dunno.
James Acaster: But would you be watching it, fingers crossed, you know, that he cries every episode and that you're the toughest?
Ross Kemp: I think I think Grant was always the more cry-y of the two, the two chaps. Although he could turn the tears on if he wanted to, he's a very very good actor. And you know, I think a lot of actors in soaps, I mean, I think they've changed over the years because everything happens so much quicker now and people aren't given as much time as they used to. But, you know, him and I used to work really well together and I really enjoyed the years that we worked and you know, he's just, he's a very good, he went to RADA, he's a classically trained actor. And that's often sometimes forgotten about, a lot of the actors that find themselves in soaps, a lot of them are just really really good actors.
James Acaster: Yeah man. How many, I want you to know that everything you just said I took it in and it's brilliant, however, I wanna know how many mouthfuls of the raw chicken you think Steve McFadden could eat.
Ross Kemp: Do you know what, he doesn't eat meat, so none! He'd probably have taken the lead. Yeah he's a pescatarian from my recollection, yeah he doesn't he doesn't eat doesn't eat chicken or anything like that.
Ed Gamble: But you'd still be texting him going, 'yeah Steve, you should buy her a toy back, that'd be a lovely gesture'.
Ross Kemp: 'Go to a petrol station, buy a fluffy toy and give it to his sister'. I mean and also, I got chastised for doing it as well, everyone was going, 'well everyone knows that that's an engagement present in El Salvador'. I said, 'well I didn't read that on the kind of guide'.
James Acaster: We come to your starter. Is your starter something that you've had on your travels or from elsewhere?
Ross Kemp: So, the sashimi would definitely be in Ulan Bater, oysters kilpatrick is probably gonna win and that's after because, generally, I made a film in Papua New Guinea and I made a film with sort of motorcycle gangs of Australia. My wife's Australian so it was really handy, and I went to Indonesia and made a film about pirates, that we could always meet where she's from which is Cairns, in the
Northern, like North Queensland. And there's a restaurant I go to there called L'unico, it's full of lunatics. It's a very interesting place because mostly you can't swim in the sea because of crocodiles and because of all the poisonous things that are in there: jelly fish that are the size of your thumb nail and have more poison in them then a cobra. But you can look out across the sea there and again, it's about memories and it's about what food evokes inside you. And it was always a massive relief to get there because I'd like either, I mean the motorcycle boys were pretty dangerous but they weren't as bad as being in Papua New Guinea and having people shoving guns in your face or dealing with, at one point there were seven pirates up a tree and I never thought, that's gotta be a poem or a song one day. I want to hear Eminem do seven pirates up a tree! These guys, they'd literally get bamboo poles and they'd kind of like tie them together and they'd speed up behind ocean-going container vessels, these big ships that carry you know these multi-storey big, you know those big shipping containers. And they'd get the boat and then they'd just climb up, right. And they'd have like a cheap panga, a cheap kind of like knife, a long knife, tied around their neck with a big ribbon. And then they'd find the skipper of the ship who's generally asleep because they do it at night. They'd take control of the ship because most of them knew how to, they'd rob all the crew, they'd take all the money out of the safe, there's often a lot of money. They'd skim down, cos one bloke basically was keeping a small speed boat at the right speed. They'd skimmy down and they'd be off. And they showed me how easy they could get up the side back of the ship by pulling it on an island, we went to an island, dessert island, on one of their boats. And these guys were just such athletes, you know they could climb up a forty, fifty-foot pole. I tried man, I just could not get one foot on it. So how did I get to, so doing things like that, always going back to Cairns was always a real relief for me. I have another starter which is from a restaurant called Poule Au Pot which is Ebury Street in London, I lived in Battersea for like twenty-eight years and that was one of my big treats, to go across to Poule Au Pot, the posh restaurant. But the French guys in there were absolutely fantastic and they make a cheese quiche that I I defy anyone to beat.
James Acaster: Oh wow.
Ross Kemp: In terms of fluffiness, cheesiness, crispiness, loveliness. But I'm gonna go for the oysters kilpatrick with my wife, before she was my wife, looking out of L'unico across, across the ocean.
Ed Gamble: Is that where you saw the sun was coming down and you knew you wanted to spend the rest of your life with her and you pushed a little box across the table and she opened it up and there was a tiny little cuddly toy in there?
Ross Kemp: No you know what, you know actually honestly, I actually got engaged to my wife after coming back from Haiti and witnessing so many people sadly who had died at a cholera epidemic. So I was like, we went out and we collected bodies with the body collectors and I met her in New York, I went down to the diamond market, bought her a diamond and I went down on one knee in the Bowery Hotel and asked her to marry me there.
Ed Gamble: It's a classic sort of romance, Ross.
Ross Kemp: Do you know what I did though? Do you know what's a really stupid thing to do before you do that though? I was given some Haitian rum and I think it's got more than rum in it.
James Acaster: Right.
Ross Kemp: And I drank about what I was thought was four or five sips and it was more like four or five large glasses. So I was a little bit squiffy when I went down on one knee.
James Acaster: Didn't come up for a while.
Ross Kemp: Ah mate, no. It could have been very messy. Luckily she took pity on me. Yeah so definitely, Oysters Kilpatrick. And for people who don't know it is Oyster with Worcestershire sauce and maybe sometimes a little bit of, little bit of bacon on it. But I prefer it just, the heated up, the hot oysters with Worcestershire sauce.
James Acaster: Ah, the hot oysters.
Ross Kemp: Yeah, so you grill them, you can make them at home. Chop up lardons, small lardons, you obviously need the juice of the oyster in the oyster. There are people who say that's cardinal sin you should never do it. And I do like cold oysters as well with you know, lemon and a little bit of Tobasco. But this is just an Australian obviously an Australian thing, it's called Oysters Kilpatrick.
Ed Gamble: Lovely.
James Acaster: By the way, I'd like to know what kind of a tree that was, that they climbed. Because when you said, 'seven pirates up a tree', I was like, if that's a palm tree, I don't know how they've done that.
Ross Kemp: Well it was a big tree, it was on an island. And I can, do you know what, it's quite a famous island because it was involved in the Nutmeg trade which was really big in the East Indies, it was called the East Indies in those days. So yeah there's some pretty quite quite big, it might have been a nutmeg tree for all I know, but it was quite a big tree, yeah.
James Acaster: Are there quite a lot of branches up this tree and each pirate is sat on a different branch? Or are they all just huddled up together somewhere?
Ross Kemp: Do you know what, the great thing about what I do I can say is, it's on camera so you just gotta look up pirates and there's three programmes, don't go to the one in Somalia, don't go to the one in Nigeria, go to the one that's done in Indonesia and Malaysia in the Malacca Strait and you'll see six pirates up, or seven pirates up a tree.
Ed Gamble: Because you saw so much mad stuff like that, did it ever start to wash over you or were you always like, 'oh my god that's seven pirates up a tree'?
Ross Kemp: I think, do you know what, on the way back I jumped off the boat and they got really angry with me, I just wanted to start, do something mad and it just like was one of those surreal moments. So I just thought, I mean we were close to the beach, it wasn't like, you know, I did it in the middle of an ocean. I don't think it ever does, I think honestly that you I think if you did, then you wouldn't be doing your job properly. And I mean a lot of people say, you know, you're not a trained journalist,
you're not this, you're not that. I'm a documentary maker I guess, and part of what I do is I try to be as honest and as straight as I possibly can do in terms of telling both sides of the story and walking the line. I've just made a programme about people in the UK who keep lions and tigers in their back gardens and other dangerous wild animals and gosh that's a hard one to walk a straight line over because you you automatically feel very much on the side of the animals. But some of the some of the owners are just such interesting characters. They're not the Carole Baskins and they're not necessarily the Joe Exotics, but you know, anybody that wants to keep three hundred and fifty kilos of killing machine in their back garden has to be interesting, right?
Ed Gamble: Yeah.
James Acaster: I mean if you're their neighbour, you're not asking for your ball back, put it that way.
Ross Kemp: That's correct. I tell you what, there's four thousand cats in captivity in people's back gardens in the UK
Ed Gamble: Wow.
Ross Kemp: Which is absolutely jaw dropping isn't it? I've got, cos I've got the numbers here, there's two hundred and seventy-four primates, there's one hundred and fifty-eight crocodilians there's three hundred and thirty-two scorpions and one hundred and six venomous lizards.
Ed Gamble: That's insane.
Ross Kemp: It is, isn't it? I think it is.
James Acaster: Are there any other things that you've refused to eat or disgusting things you've eaten before we get onto the main course?
Ross Kemp: One thing, I was in the Congo at a really bad time, it was probably the most heart-breaking film I've ever made and I met an amazing man called Dr Mukwege who went on to get the Nobel Peace Prize but very difficult man to talk to because he basically looks after people who have been mutilated, had bits of them chopped of, and he was just an incredible man, he was, you know he was so busy he was looking after people, why would he want to talk to some Westerner who, you know, is not really going to help the plight of any of the people that are suffering around him. But, while I was there we went and we got in a UN helicopter and went right into where the rebels were fighting and it was basically, it was Hutus and Tutsis so the, the genocide that happened in Rowanda moved over into the East and DRC and, very brutal, very brutal war with child soldiers etc. But I was presenting, went to a place, we got two cans of tuna off the local market and two guys tried to come into my room that night and steal it off me and I managed to kind of like defend my way away from them, they pulled a knife on me and they were going, 'oú est le boeuf, ou est le boeuf, ou est le boeuf?', they're going, 'le boeuf ici, le boeuf ici le boeuf ici', with my CSE grade one French. But they managed to leave me but I got a number of guys, I got I was on a mattress, that was the other thing, I got mosquitoes, I got, they were beating the sun going down and beating the sun going up. And they were watching black hawk down below us and all these guys were dripping in grenades, AK47s, but they bizarrely wear white wellington boots so they all look like, you know
kind of like, they've got berets on, they are as tough as hell, but when you look down at their feet they've always got white wellington boots on, which always made me like slightly titter, slightly. But they were clapping every time an American solider got shot, I think they took us to the Americans so I was just waiting for them to come up the stairs and shoot us. I got through the night with no sleep whatsoever, really dehydrated, too scared to go to the toilet, so I weed in my little bottle and I was confronted with breakfast, which I have a picture of still. It's a skillet and it was a porcupine, not prepared, a porcupine, and a baby primate that had been cut in four. You know, a primate, let's be clear, a primate that had been cut into four bits and left on the skillet.
Ed Gamble: Oh my god. I mean
James Acaster: Oh my christ.
Ross Kemp: Hang on, I'll show it to you.
James Acaster: Ah yes, please do. Just gone off to get the photo now from his cabinets.
Ed Gamble: Oh it's in his book.
James Acaster: Here we go.
Ed Gamble: There it is.
Ross Kemp: You can see the porcupine's little claws there
James Acaster: Oh yeah, ah yeah. There it is. Oh god. Yeah thank you.
Ross Kemp: I, yeah I've, I've never been a great favour of every kind of bush meat that I've been offered and you know, I've had some fantastic meals in all sorts of parts of the world where they eat that stuff and some people really like it but it's never been for me, I have to say.
Ed Gamble: So you didn't have any porcupine or primate?
Ross Kemp: No. I couldn't man. And also, when I opened the can of tuna. So I had this can of tuna that I'd defended with my lie the night before, we hadn't really eaten properly for about, I mean, woe is me, but that's the longest probably I've ever been without ever having any food on any job that I've done and I opened it up and there was this dry little disk and I looked at when it had been canned and it had been canned in 1986.
Ed Gamble: Oh god.
Ross Kemp: So it was about nearly twenty years old or something. It was, yeah, a waste of canned tuna as well, but there you go.
James Acaster: Also you said you had to wee into your little bottle...
Ross Kemp: Yeah and I was tempted to drink it once or twice yeah
James Acaster: Is that like the little tin cup in the Scottish mountains? Is that like...?
Ross Kemp: Yeah!
James Acaster: So, let's go to happier times and your main course.
Ed Gamble: Well hopefully happier times. Who who knows what's gonna be in the main course.
Ross Kemp: Well there's two moments, I love grilled fish right, I always have done. And i love, we were in a place called East Timor early doors as well, on Gangs, and it's it suffered a bit as a country, but we'd filmed there. We'd actually gone out there with the wrong stock to film so we actually, instead of staying there for like three weeks we were actually out there for nearly two months. And there's very little you can do, after a while I had to get rocks hurled at you, with the UN troops who are trying to stop the uprising. And they use a thing, I'll show, I'm doing these kind of like, I'll get up and show you something, hang on.
James Acaster: He's just got up again to his shelf.
Ross Kemp: They fire these things which I would describe as a twelve inch nail with a point on the end and a hook. Now the hook's important because that's caught by the kind of Dennis the Menace slingshot.
James Acaster: Right.
Ross Kemp: And it's made out of wire.
Ed Gamble: Right.
Ross Kemp: Right. And on the end of it there's like flails from a rice bag, and they wrap that around where the head of the nail would, where you'd hit it normally. And they flatten this out and they sharpen it, it's quite a sharp point, and then they dip it either in faeces or state poison or toe poison.
James Acaster: Yes.
Ross Kemp: But these guys were just amazing with these things. They had them on like a little pouch on their hip and they bring out this, you know, laughable little Dennis the Menace things with lots of elastic bands on the end of it and the metal hook that links from the elastic bands form one end of the branch to the other end of the branch. And then they can zip these things off like they're firing a pistol.
Ed Gamble: Wow.
Ross Kemp: and they like have practice on melons at about five or six metres. And they wouldn't miss.
James Acaster: So let me get this straight Ross, your dream main course is a flattened nail dipped in shit?
Ross Kemp: Cos I'm that 'ard, alright?
James Acaster: Do you know what, that would be amazing!
Ross Kemp: Well I mean we'd had a hard time with people aiming things like that to us, and I mean that was only the tip, you get me, of the ice burg. But we finished filming like and they just like found us a nice restaurant and the local fixer Mauricio found us a local restaurant on the beach, this big fish had been lied out, it had been split in two, it was grinning, there were beers. And we were sitting there sipping our beers just eating this beautifully, just freshly out of the sea, moist fish. I think there might have been French fries there, a bit of salad, everybody's chilled. The sun goes down across the ocean. Wow, we've got through this. And we were right at the end of the bay of Dili, Dili, being the capital of East Timor, and Mauricio who should have been there, we're going, 'where's Mauricio?', there's no mobile phones service or anything like that so `where's Mauricio, what's happened to Mauricio'. Mauricio drives up in his little Suzuki jeep, open top jeep, he goes, we must go we must go. I said, 'we're not leaving Mauricio, we've just, mate, we're just eating fish mate, we're on our sixth beer, we're not going anywhere man, we're just gonna like just lay here until the sun comes back up again'. He said, 'you have to go now, look across the bay, look across the bay, look across the bay', and there's like this kind of fire going on but you can't work out and he said, 'that's your hotel'. And they'd basically, there had been another uprising because there was an uprising every other day when we were there and they wanted to burn down the records office so that they could do a land grab. The only problem was that the records office joined our hotel so the flames had gone across the roof and they'd set fire to the hotel.
Ed Gamble: Oh my god.
Ross Kemp: So that was my grilled fish moment out the way, but I've always loved grilled fish. But my favourite I will go for is from the Hutong restaurant in Hong Kong, not that I go there on a regular basis. It's a really, I like hot food but not uber hot and the first time I went there I just had the regular, not the cooler version of the crispy soft shell crab with Szechuan chillies and it comes in this big kind of wooden basket. And even though the soft shell crab has been sort of like dipped in this chilli and then deep friend and then deep fried and then they put chillies all over it, it actually, if you get it at the right temperature, with the right drink, it is probably the closest that you get to having sex without having sex. So, absolutely, my favourite main course would be the soft shell crab.
Ed Gamble: What's nice about the soft shell crab in comparison to the grilled fish is that when you finished it you didn't look up and see where you were sleeping was burning to the ground.
James Acaster: A nicer memory.
Ross Kemp: Yeah I was looking across, I was looking across the Kowloon, as far as I can remember and it was definitely not burning to the ground. But that, honestly, you can't make that, and also there's a true story about, so we do get in the vehicle and we do go down to the hotel and we get all our kit out and the hotel was actually just a little bit singed. But then we obviously carry on filming and the gas bottles inside the houses that are used to cook off are suddenly going bang, right, so I'm trying to do a piece to camera and all of a sudden it was just like out of a movie, it was like, I didn't know that I was going to go to Afghan then and see big bombs going off and stuff like that, I literally wet myself when one of those canisters went off.
James Acaster: Well we come to your side dish, are we sticking to the sea food?
Ross Kemp: No, it's either, so I love Lebanese food and and I like the Lebanon as a country and the people in it, it's a fascinating country, it's seen a lot of trouble over the years. But I love Lebanese people and I love the food so I love that kind of baba ganoush stuff, or like kind of, or fattoush salad, so fried pitta bread, you know, pomegranates, molasses, I like radishes sliced up thinly, onions sliced up thinly, a nice green salad in that with, either with the fish or the soft shell crab.
James Acaster: I know that you said nice green salad there but my ears heard ice cream salad and I got really excited.
Ed Gamble: What's an ice cream salad in your mind, James?
James Acaster: Just three different scoops of different ice creams all together.
Ed Gamble: So just some different ice creams?
James Acaster: Yeah, bowl of ice creams, we'll call it an ice cream salad.
Ed Gamble: Beautiful. I think Ross we can let you have the baba ganoush and the fattoush salad as a side dish. I think we can double up on sides there because they're from the same place, I think they go together hand in hand.
James Acaster: Yeah. What's the opposite of that in terms of things you've been offered to eat?
Ross Kemp: I tell you one of the things I just really hated about being out in Afghan were the MREs. So I sort of like was asked to kind of give my honest opinion on what the soldiers and the marines were given when they first went out there, in the early herricks they were called, six month operations were
called a herrick. So I went out there for about a period of four to five years, maybe longer, five years at least. And the food got better but I remember one of the things that used to make you gip, and you had to eat it cos there weren't much else to eat, if you were doing a five or six day operation, this was before the IDs really came into play, they used to, you used to do a lot of marching and walking, whatever you want to call it, running and getting shot at basically. And, in my top pack, you'd have the meal that you were gonna eat that night and with your body armour plate and the heat, cos it was like 40 degrees, it would actually when you opened it up it would be steaming
Ed Gamble: Wow
Ross Kemp: You'd actually cook it through wearing your body armour. But the one thing that you'd stop to have for lunch was a thing called biscuits brown which sounds so military doesn't it? 'Biscuits brown, because they're biscuits and they're brown'.
James Acaster: That sounds like my nickname.
Ross Kemp: Just, I mean, what are they like? They're like a digestive that's been made with tarmac: tasteless. And what they would expect you to do is that they'd expect you to squeeze, it's in like a sachet. Like can you imagine like the sachets you get for tomato sauce, about four times longer than one of those, about the same width. And inside it was supposedly tuna, a tuna again, but it wasn't, you could see it was just eyes and tails. And in that kind of heat when you're dehydrated, squeezing that out onto a biscuit brown and trying to eat it, you just want to gip.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. If someone came to your room and tried to rob you for that, you'd be like, absolutely take it.
Ross Kemp: 'Ave it.
James Acaster: Please take my biscuit brown, I hate it so much.
Ross Kemp: Yeah take my biscuit brown.
Ed Gamble: Oh please wellies white, take my biscuit brown.
James Acaster: How many, just on their own, how many biscuit browns do you think you could eat in a row?
Ross Kemp: Oh man, that's a question, you just wouldn't want to. And I remember, because they were in a purple kind of sachet and it as really interesting, you know what I mean, stealth company of thirty odd blokes, tough as nails, and with you know, me and my camera man attached. And you could see where we'd stopped for lunch because there were piles of biscuit brown everywhere. It's like, where were they last, I have them, I have the biscuit brown, I'm on the trail.
James Acaster: Literally like Hansel and Grettel just following the crumbs to find all of you guys.
Ed Gamble: To a big house built of biscuit brown.
James Acaster: Your favourite drink, we've talked, you've mentioned a few beers along the way so far.
Ross Kemp: Yeah I do, sadly yeah I do like a beer but I found out very late on in life that I was allergic to most grapes. Which explained why I was probably angry in the morning quite a lot, particularly at the weekends. But I do like pinot noir wine, the grape and the wine that goes with it and I've sort of, luckily I've spent a lot of time in New Zealand doing films. My best mate's the doctor of sociology at Christchurch university and him and I have made it our goal to go to every vineyard and there's quite a few in New Zealand. Yeah, so pinot noir. And it doesn't really matter whether it's from the Napa Valley, whether it's from Burgundy, I think, where it originates, or whether it's from Germany, there are some really good German ones. So I thin glass of pinot noir, or a glass of Albarinho which is my other favourite sort of white wine which is Spanish.
James Acaster: Lovely.
Ed Gamble: I mean, I thought you might go for beer because you've been to a lot of hot countries where you've been working hard during the day and I don't think you properly taste beer until you've had a cold beer in a boiling country, maybe after being chased by a murderer.
Ross Kemp: Ah yeah, true true. And, also, interesting, we didn't realise that the beer is kept from going off in Karachi because they put formaldehyde in it.
Ed Gamble: Oh god.
Ross Kemp: And formaldehyde, I can assure you, gives you a stinking hangover. We only had we only had two bottles of beer and we just, just me, Dave Sound, Jonathan doesn't drink
James Acaster: When you say Dave Sound, it's a man called Dave who works on sound his name's not Dave sound?
Ed Gamble: Yeah
Ross Kemp: His name's Dave Williams but he'll, he'll hate me cos, can I tell you a true story about him as well? His name's Dave, so whenever I have to interview someone and give them a pseudonym, particularly if they're a murderer, robber or a, you know, an assassin, they're always called Dave. And it's funny after that point. When you go to someone, look obviously you can't say who you really are, we're shooting you in silhouette, would you like to have a name, a pseudonym. Do you know how many of them often came up with the name Dave? There was a guy who tortured people in Columbia, we met him in a sex hotel. This guy was a cold-blooded killer, he cuts people up for a living to find out where the stash is and he literally turned round to us and he says, 'you can call me Dave' and like, I was on the floor, right. And Dave says, 'you told him, you told him to say that'.
James Acaster: You told him to say that? Like you're gonna go up to a guy like that and go, 'before we interview you, come here, this'll be a laugh'.
Ross Kemp: Exactly.
James Acaster: 'That guy's name's Dave, say your name is Dave because your sort is the last kind of people he would want to be associated with, it'll be a funny little joke. Nice sex hotel by the way. Let's shoot this'.
Ross Kemp: Can I tell you something about the sex hotel as well which was really really odd?
Ed Gamble: Yes.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ross Kemp: Cos the air con's on, it's right down on the pacific coast of Columbia which is where all the drugs go up to Los Angeles. And we had to, because of Dave sound, my good mate Dave Williams, we had to turn the air con off right, so all of a sudden this guy's sitting there, he's got a locked off camera on him, and Jonathan whose the big camera man
Ed Gamble: Jonathan who doesn't drink?
Ross Kemp: Jonathan doesn't drink, Jonathan Young. He's on a pedicase, you know those big plastic cases?
James Acaster: Jonathan Lens?
Ross Kemp: Jonathan Lens, yes you got it. And we suddenly start seeing all the finger prints because the lube is now becoming apparent but the floor is turning into an ice skating rink, right? Now I am absolutely dripping, our chap funnily enough doesn't drip at all, he's talking about cutting up his best friends, how his dad was cut up, how he thinks he's gonna get cut up, like this kind of heavy stuff, he's really trying not to get cut up this guy. Anyway, I realised I was seeing all these hand prints on all these kind of furniture and everything like that. And there's this kind of fridge in the corner that's for all the condoms and gel and bizarrely a comb- what do you want the comb for? Anyway, I certainly don't need the comb. Right, anyway
James Acaster: I wouldn't have put it in the fridge.
Ross Kemp: Anyway, we're doing this interview right, it's now dripping, the floor's gone like a rink full of lube, right. And Jonathan's on this pedicase and he slips off it. Now, he's about six foot five and weighs a good like fifteen, sixteen stone. The penny case goes, BANG, I jump out of my skin. This lad who we were interviewing cos we was locked with a D5 camera, he didn't move an inch. Just like, I'm
used to big bangs, funnily enough. But yeah, sex hotels, don't go shooting in them particularly when the towel man says turn the air con off.
James Acaster: Too slippery.
Ross Kemp: It's a slippery occasion.
James Acaster: Before we go to your dessert, let me ask you the big question, very important, can't have you on without asking this: who do you think is toughest out of me and Ed?
Ross Kemp: Oh God, I've not got a toughometer on me! I'm gonna go, Ben Williams Sound.
James Acaster: The Great Benito.
Ross Kemp: You can't see.
Ed Gamble: Ben Sound?
Ross Kemp: He looks like you can't, you know you don't argue with Ben. Ben sorted it all out didn't he, at the beginning? Ben's the toughest.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah he did, yeah yeah. The Great Benito, yeah, he's definitely the toughest.
James Acaster: He's written thank you in the chat like any tough guy would.
Ross Kemp: Yeah Ben, don't mess with Ben, that's what I'm saying.
James Acaster: Ben is pretty tough. So your dream dessert.
Ross Kemp: There's two, and this is where you see kind of like the softy squishy side of Mr Kemp. when I was a kid my mum on a Saturday night, because my dad was not around, he worked as a police officer, he was a detective so he wasn't around a lot. So on Saturday nights if he was not working we would have a big meal and there were these books that came out called SuperCook. And it was like, this was before TV chefs, it was like in the seventies and she started cooking a thing called Baked Alaska which, for a kid like me was just like oh my word, what, you put ice cream in the oven and it doesn't melt? And it's got sponge on it and it's covered in meringue? Are you kidding me? This is like heaven!
Ed Gamble: I still don't get how it works, that is magic.
Ross Kemp: I think it is, it's food magic, and that's why I still love it. Now obviously it's, it's maybe a little bit too sweet for my taste these days but for my birthday therein, from about the age of about eight to the time I was about twelve or thirteen, my mum would make me a Baked Alaska for my birthday.
James Acaster: Yes.
Ross Kemp: So, even though I love my nan's lemon and apple pie, god rest her soul, and it was special. Because she managed to make apples zesty and lemony, it was really really special the apple pie, the crust, the beautiful crust, Norfolk crust pastry, beautiful. I don't know why it's called Norfolk crust, I just called it that cos I was from Norfolk. But Baked Alaska for me will always do it because it's like that moment in Ratatouille, you know when he he, the rat cooks him that dish and you're expecting him to hate it and he suddenly puts his spoon in it and it goes in his mouth. And all of a sudden he's transported back to his mum coming through the door in the farm house. Now it wasn't exactly a farm house, it was a semi-detached house in Essex but I am transported back to that kitchen every time I taste Baked Alaska so it will always be Baked Alaska.
James Acaster: Maybe that's, you should take that, you know whenever you're abroad filming with gangs you should take some Baked Alaska with you so that if you're feeling scared you can just have a mouthful of it.
Ross Kemp: Yeah. I'll have to take it in a plastic bag and freeze it, and not take it to a sex hotel cos it will definitely melt.
James Acaster: Yeah, it will be all over the place. Everyone slipping around on lube, you've got your Baked Alaska spilling all over the place. 'Why did you bring a Baked Alaska, Ross?'. 'In case I get scared! You know I get scared sometimes!'.
Ed Gamble: 'You know the one rule, the one rule, never bring a Baked Alaska to a sex hotel'.
James Acaster: 'We told you that Ross, you wouldn't listen'.
Ross Kemp: I would imagine the Baked Alaska's have been taken to sex hotels
James Acaster: Sure.
Ross Kemp: I reckon it's something like, what wouldn't be taken? What dessert would not be taken? If it's got cream attached to it it's probably been taken.
James Acaster: After the act, it's not gonna be referred to as a Baked Alaska anymore, that's what I'm saying.
Ross Kemp: Do you know what really got me about, they're called sex hotels not because all the lube everywhere and all the odd, oddly shaped furniture, it's because
James Acaster: That's got something to do with it.
Ross Kemp: It's because people can drive in and there's two garages. So you drive in and no one sees you come in and you kind of close the garage door and you go in one side. And the other person comes in their car and then closes the garage door and they go in, they do all their businesses and then they both leave, under the cover of darkness. I'm not sure guys, James and Ed, have you ever seen such a thing in the UK? Is there a market do you think? I dunno.
James Acaster: No, I've never known of such a thing before. Did you stay the night in the sex hotel or you just met the man in there?
Ross Kemp: Oh god, no, that was just one of those jobs where you just say thank you very much and you slip your way out as quickly as you possibly can.
Ed Gamble: You slither out like one of Gary's lizards.
James Acaster: Slide out like Bart Simpson.
Ross Kemp: It lended itself to, you know when you're a kid and it ices for the first time in the winter and everybody goes out and like tries to skid across the playground? It was literally like that. It was like, bye!
James Acaster: The thing is, cos we're talking to you, I know that you said when you said, when you're a kid and it ices, but because it's you I thought you said, 'you know when you're a kid and isis come in', and it was like, Ross, you've been around gangs your whole life?
Ross Kemp: I sadly think, yeah, they were an interesting bunch of people.
James Acaster: Oh yeah, I forgot you probably have met isis.
Ed Gamble: You have met isis, yeah.
Ross Kemp: Sadly I've been shot at by them, yeah, in Syria. Yeah let's not talk about them. Do you, you don't do coffee or tea do you? Do you do coffee or tea in your restaurant?
James Acaster: Oh do you know what mate, if you want a coffee or tea at the end we absolutely will do it.
Ross Kemp: Can I tell you one of the most wankiest things I ever saw and I ever witnessed? And I can't tell you who they were but they were really uber famous people. I was taken out to a restaurant in Spain, in Madrid and it was, I think it had like more than five Michelin stars this restaurant, they were really uber celebrities and I was obviously, no one knew, no one cared and why would they. But do you know what they didn't they said, 'we have five teas, would you like to try our teas?' and I was like, 'yeah okay'. They were really excited about this and you don't get to go to restaurants well that was the only time I've ever been to a restaurant like that. And it'll be the last time I ever go to a restaurant like that. And do you know what they did, they had the tea in like kind of a big test tube with like a a cork on top and you didn't drink it, you smelt it, that was your tea. It's like Emperor's New Clothes isn't it? It's like oh no no no no, don't let them, if you pour boiling water on that, we'll have to get some more tea in. Just let them sniff it. Then charge them fifty pounds.
James Acaster: So that's not what you want, you don't want to sniff some tea at the end?
Ross Kemp: I don't want sniffy tea, I want proper tea. I'll have a cup of tea, I love a cup of tea.
James Acaster: Milk, sugar?
Ross Kemp: Just normal black tea or green tea, I don't mind.
James Acaster: Black tea?
Ross Kemp: Yeah, I love it.
James Acaster: You've got it, we'll get you some black tea at the end of this.
Ross Kemp: Thank you.
James Acaster: Let me read your menu back, see how you feel about it. Water: you would like Scottish mineral water fresh out of the mountainside.
Ed Gamble: Straight out.
James Acaster: Popadoms or bread: Afghan flatbread.
Ross Kemp: Yeah, love it.
James Acaster: Starter: Oysters Kilpatrick from L'unico Australia. Main course: crispy soft shell crab Szechuan style from Hutong in Hong Kong. Side dish: baba ganoush and fattoush salad. Drink: pinot noir. And dessert: mum's birthday baked Alaska.
Ross Kemp: Love it.
James Acaster: That sounds good!
Ed Gamble: Really really good menu I reckon.
Ross Kemp: Thank you.
James Acaster: Yeah, really delicious. I mean I would eat most of that, I would definitely eat that, I mean listeners know I would eat that baked alaska.
Ed Gamble: In a heart beat. James is actually the only person I know who would take a Baked Alaska to a sex hotel and just check in with the baked alaska, eat the baked alaska and then check out again.
James Acaster: Yep, I wouldn't see anyone else, I'd go, 'a room for one please, good bye'.
Ed Gamble: Yep yep. You'd send a baked alaska into the other garage in an uber.
James Acaster: Yeah, I'd go in. One of us would leave under the cover of darkness.
Ed Gamble: Ross thank you so much for coming to the Dream Restaurant, you've been a lovely guest.
Ross Kemp: Thank you so much guys, what a pleasure and what fantastic company.
James Acaster: Thank you for coming Ross but also, I should warn you, obviously you didn't research the customs of the Off Menu podcast before you came on it and you should know that when we ask you who's the toughest, whoever you choose you are engaged to. And so you are now engaged to the Great Benito
Ed Gamble: Congratulations to you and the Great Benito.
Ross Kemp: Wahey!
Ed Gamble: Well there we are! Ross Kemp was in the Dream Restaurant, James.
James Acaster: Ooh! Ross Kemp came to the Dream Restaurant, he picked a delicious meal and we got the stories we wanted going in. I was like, oh man, are we, how easy is it gonna be to get amazing stories out
of this guy, maybe he's burnt out on talking about them, he's done so many amazing things, maybe he's tired of talking about all this stuff. No.
Ed Gamble: No. No sir. No sir. The guy is a big old treasure chest full of stories. Excellent. I loved it.
James Acaster: Yeah, he goes around shitting himself and pissing himself all over the place.
Ed Gamble: Another fine edition to the poo poo wee wee podcast.
James Acaster: Yes. He is keeping us where we like it. This is the kind of podcast, we know what our listeners like and Ross Kemp gave our listeners what they want.
Ed Gamble: It's great to finally extend the remit of the poo poo wee wee podcast to lube.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah. We've been getting a bit of lube and a load of people sliding around on lube at a sex hotel. It's high time that came up.
Ed Gamble: Luckily lube was not the secret ingredient because we would have kicked him out of the restaurant. The secret ingredient was chicken mince and he did not have chicken mince in his menu. So thank you Ross for coming in, we will now plug your podcast: the Kemp cast.
James Acaster: The Kemp Cast, make sure you listen to it. Great journalistic podcast. That's what Ed said at the end beginning.
Ed Gamble: Yeah and now you're quoting me on that.
James Acaster: Yeah well this is how quotes work bebe.
Ed Gamble: Go and check out Ross Kemp's podcast, the Kemp Cast. 'It is fantastic', The Times. I've made that up but that's not how quotes work bebe.
James Acaster: Check out his books. He showed us that absolutely horrific picture of a porcupine and a primate that he turned down to eat for breakfast once that was in one of his books.
Ed Gamble: Yeah. Good selling point for one, for that book.
James Acaster: Yeah, I mean basically, I don't know which of his books that was in cos he didn't show us the front cover but your challenge as the listeners is to find what book that picture was in.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much Ross and thank you very much to you the listener, check us out on social media @offmenuofficial on Twitter and Instagram and offmenupodcast.co.uk on the internet websites list.
James Acaster: Such a great thing, the internet. I learnt about it in the intro today.
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much for listening, we'll see you again some time soon, good bye!
James Acaster: Good bye!
Ed Gamble: Welcome to the Off Menu podcast where we take the bread of a guest, pop it into the toaster of chat and grill the until they are charred beyond belief. Hello James.
James Acaster: The bread of the guest!
Ed Gamble: The bread of the guest.
James Acaster: Well done Ed. Why the bread of the guest, do you mean the guest is the bread or you're getting the bread that belongs to a guest?
Ed Gamble: No. On the Off Menu podcast we don't get the guest to send us some bread and then we toast it, that's our other podcast, the Roasty Toasty boys.
James Acaster: Yeah, Roasty Toasty Boys, subscribe!
Ed Gamble: On Off Menu, the guest is our metaphorical slice of bread, we're popping them into the toaster of chat which is again metaphorical and we're grilling them, which is another name for asking questions, until they're charred beyond belief, which is just, done.
James Acaster: Until they're useless.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, useless.
James Acaster: No other podcast can have them.
Ed Gamble: Have to scrape off their bodies into the bin
James Acaster: Yep
Ed Gamble: And even then, even then you can tell they've been charred
James Acaster: Charred beyond belief for the Off Menu podcast. But don't forget to subscribe to the Roasty Toasty Boys. New episodes coming out every Monday. Where we ask the guests, are you Roasty or are you Toasty?
Ed Gamble: They send their bread, and we send back toast.
James Acaster: Yeah, we send toast back to them and they have to guess if we've roasted the toast, or toasted the toast.
Ed Gamble: Or toasted the roast.
James Acaster: Yeah, they send us the bread and we either roast it or we toast it, and we send it back and they've got to make the call.
Ed Gamble: Sorry, I was getting mixed up with our other podcast, the toasty roasty boys where they send us some meat and vegetables of their choice and we try and cook them in a toaster.
James Acaster: We try and make a roast dinner in a toaster. That's every Sunday is the toasty roasty boys and make sure you subscribe to that, listen, we've got loads of great guests on that, we've got Nish Kumar, obviously
Ed Gamble: He does all the food podcasts, yeah.
James Acaster: He'll be booking for everything.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, Rafe Spall.
James Acaster: Rafe Spall's on it. Munya Chuwawa, Victoria Coren Mitchell refused.
Ed Gamble: Yes, she will not be on it. Even though I've heard she takes her own toaster to dinner parties and toasts things in the toilet. Anyway, that's not what this podcast is
James Acaster: this podcast isn't that. This is the Off Menu podcast where you invite a guest into the Dream Restaurant and we ask them their dream, their favourite ever starter, main course, dessert, side dish and drink. Not in that order. And this week's guest is Simon, Simon Amstell
Ed Gamble: Simon Amstell. Yes it's Simon Amstell. Comedian, writer, film director, he's a man of many talents James.
James Acaster: So many talents. A great TV host
Ed Gamble: Wow, the problem is, it doesn't come up a lot but whenever James has to say TV host he sneezes. So don't say that again man.
James Acaster: Ooh. I've got some snot on my trousers. A very big sneeze.
Ed Gamble: Right. Simon Amstell is going on going on tour. He's doing a show called spirit hold, you should go and check that out on his website. And we'll talk about some of the other things he's done during this interview I'm sure. But very much looking forward to talking to Simon, however, if he says the secret ingredient that we have pre-agreed upon he will be kicked out of the Dream Restaurant, spirit hole or no spirit hole James.
James Acaster: That is true! And the secret ingredient this week is
Both: Cress.
Ed Gamble: I can't believe we've not had it before.
James Acaster: It's awful.
Ed Gamble: Pointless.
James Acaster: I don't like it, I think it looks bad on the plate, it makes everything look bad. It looks like someone's just emptied some grass clippings or something onto the
Ed Gamble: It's too small! I mean that might be one of my main issues with it, it's too small.
James Acaster: Yeah, too small. It doesn't really taste of much.
Ed Gamble: No.
James Acaster: Ugh. I mean I can't think of anything really... Also I just think it gets put on everything as a garnish like it's meant to make things look better, and it makes things look worse as we've already established. And cress doesn't go with everything you know.
Ed Gamble: It doesn't go with anything.
James Acaster: Just cos it's flavourless.
Ed Gamble: Egg and cress. Like who would have thought cress could stand up to the punch of an egg? It can't.
James Acaster: No, it can't. There's no point it being in there, it doesn't even add any texture. Visually maybe you've got a bit of chopped up cress in, it gets a bit of green in there, but I'd rather put some chives in there.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, get out, not having the cress thank you. So if Simon says cress he's a goner.
James Acaster: He's a goner.
Ed Gamble: And of course cress is a secret ingredient because we talked about it on the Emily Atack episode James and we realised that we'd never done cress.
James Acaster: Sometimes we get ideas for secret ingredients from the chats we have with other guests, we carry it through to other episodes and, you know, Benito has just said to us off record, I mean I'm sure he won't keep himself in the edit, but that Egg and Cress would be a good nickname for the two of us and I don't appreciate that.
Ed Gamble: I think Egg is doing a lot of the heavy lifting there.
James Acaster: What so he's calling you Egg?
Ed Gamble: Yeah Egg, Egg Gamble.
James Acaster: Egg Gamble.
Ed Gamble: If you say Ed Gamble quickly it sounds like Egg Gamble.
James Acaster: And what, who am I, James Acrester.
Ed Gamble: That's great, Egg Gamble and James Acrester! Oh someone will do a great little mock-up of that, won't they?
James Acaster: Yeah you'd imagine. Will I have cress coming out of my head like a cress head?
Ed Gamble: Yes and I'll just be an egg.
James Acaster: You'll just have an egg as your face. I suppose.
Ed Gamble: Egg Gamble and James Acrester. That's so good!
James Acaster: Oh dear.
Ed Gamble: Oh and James, I'm on tour soon.
James Acaster: What?!
Ed Gamble: I'm going on tour in February 2022 with my show Electric.
James Acaster: Oh, will I ever see you again?
Ed Gamble: Yeah man but probably just over the internet. We'll never see each other in real life again because I'm gonna be on the road baby, I'm a road dawg.
James Acaster: Ah man, I envy all the people getting tickets to that, it's gonna be such a great show. If I was listening to this podcast now I'd pause it immediately, I'd go to edgamble.com and I would order tickets
Ed Gamble: Whoa whoa whoa, don't go there. It's, as much as I value your support and respect, my website is edgamble.co.uk so go and get tickets from there
James Acaster: You couldn't get dot com?
Ed Gamble: No, go and get tickets for my tour: Electric, at edgamble.co.uk. That's very key that.
James Acaster: Who got edgamble.com?
Ed Gamble: I don't know, but let's stop saying that!
James Acaster: It's interesting!
Ed Gamble: Let's stop saying that and we'll just keep searching edgamble.co.uk for tickets for Electric, February 2022 bebe. No no no no no.
James Acaster: Also go to edgamble.com to find out find out who that is or what that website is, we need to know, we've got to crack the case.
Ed Gamble: Never say crack the case when Egg Gamble is involved.
James Acaster: Oh yeah, Egg Gamble, crack the Cress.
Ed Gamble: Anyway, enough of all this, let's hear the Off Menu menu of Simon Amstell.
James Acaster: Simon Amstell.
Ed Gamble: Welcome Simon Amstell to the Dream Restaurant.
Simon Amstell: Thank you.
James Acaster: Welcome Simon Amstell to the Dream Restaurant, we've been expecting you for some time.
Ed Gamble: Wow, what an entrance. We've not recorded one for a while Simon so James has clearly kept his genie powers bottled up, ready to explode there, and you really went for it James, well done you.
James Acaster: Thank you, yeah, I really felt it bursting forth as soon as I did that one. Like a really highly, like the other day actually, I tell you what it reminded me of, my mum has started making kombucha at home and she gave me a bottle of the orange and cardamom one that she made and I drank most of it ages ago and there's just a little tiny bit of it left in the bottom of the bottle and it's one of those ones with the plug stopper on the top and yesterday I was like, well I better obviously just, you know, have the last of this and I unpopped it and, my god, I thought it was going to take my head off, there was so much pressure in there, whatever's been building up. And it was like a gun going off and I was like, holy shit, and that's what I felt like just then bursting out the lamp, I felt like the kombucha that had been extra whatever, fermented. Is that what, would it be fermenting a bit longer? I dunno but that's what I felt like just then, that the plug came off the lamp and I was bursting forth and nearly took Simon Amstell's head off.
Simon Amstell: But it was very enjoyable. I liked it very much.
Ed Gamble: That's the longest story about Kombucha James has ever done before we've really said hello to a guest properly I think.
Simon Amstell: You know, I'm happy to just be here so don't worry about me.
James Acaster: Do you have any stories about kombucha Simon? And before you even think about whether you've got a story about Kombucha, do you think it's longer or shorter than the one I just told?
Simon Amstell: I think it's a bit shorter in that my boyfriend and I do make kombucha but that, that's the story.
Ed Gamble: I think that is a story because that's quite a coincidence that James' mum has been making kombucha, you and your boyfriend have been making kombucha. I think, I don't know anyone else who is making kombucha, this is this is all new to me.
James Acaster: Have you got a specialty? What's your go-to flavour that you've really nailed the most?
Simon Amstell: We just keep it really pure actually, we don't really do anything to it. I like it pure. I told you, this is not much a story, my kombucha story.
Ed Gamble: No we're gonna, we're gonna make it a story. We're doing an hour on your kombucha stuff and that's what's happening. Did you see James' face when you said that you keep it pure and you don't add anything to it and you don't flavour it?
Simon Amstell: I actually didn't, what did he? Do it again James.
Ed Gamble: He was gobsmacked.
Simon Amstell: Oh, that's a good face. Well it's just, I think we're maybe not that advanced, we haven't really got into it, I really like it as it is. What, what's your mum doing? What's she putting in it?
James Acaster: Orange and cardamom. She made another one that was like lemon and ginger, I haven't tried that one yet, I've just tried the orange and cardamom one, it was a very nice surprise. What does it taste like pure though, I've never had it pure.
Simon Amstell: I don't know, I mean I have nothing to compare it to. But maybe I could talk to your mother, could I have your mother's number, if that's not a strange request?
James Acaster: Yep, you're not the first guest to ask for it.
Ed Gamble: I'm just gonna warn you Simon, if you do do, I did a cook-along with James' mum and if you've bought one of the ingredients slightly wrong she will absolutely like ball you out for half and hour, she will shout at you, she'll tell you you've got it wrong.
Simon Amstell: Well I can see where James' trauma/ talent comes from her.
Ed Gamble: She's like Mrs Trunchball.
Simon Amstell: She's very beautiful? What did you say?
Ed Gamble: No I said she's like Mrs Trunchball.
Simon Amstell: Oh I see. And is she also very beautiful?
Ed Gamble: Of course, yes.
James Acaster: Yes. Beautiful Mrs Trunchball, that's my mum. And she put put Ed in the choky for bringing the wrong ingredients.
Simon Amstell: Yeah this is nice. Have you been friends for a long time? This is the sort of, I'm now picturing you as like sort of ten year olds going over to James' mum's house, or James' house I guess it would be because you still live there. What's what's your, what's your relationship, what's going on here? What's happened? How has this podcast happened? I need to know some things I think.
Ed Gamble: We've known each other for many years Simon, and we, we always talk about food and we thought, that conversation is so good the public should be hearing it.
Simon Amstell: Yes.
James Acaster: We were having chats in private and going, 'man, I would love, if I was a member of the public, to be able to listen to this for free'.
Simon Amstell: It's such such a waste if you're having a good conversation in private isn't it?
Ed Gamble: Yeah it's like, if I'm having a nice conversation with my girlfriend as well it's like, what's the point in that? Take a picture of it, put it on Instagram so everyone can see it.
Simon Amstell: Yes, well there's always PornHub.
James Acaster: Yes, put the photo on PornHub.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, just a picture of us enjoying a nice meal, pop that on PornHub.
James Acaster: Simon if you were, if you were on PornHub.
Simon Amstell: Oh yes, and I should be really, look at me.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah, well no I mean using the service but maybe I mean if you were like
Simon Amstell: Oh my god. There's my ego exposed. 'I should be on PornHub', not watching it like a viewer'.
James Acaster: But if you were browsing it and one of the thumbnails were some photos of Ed and his girlfriend just doing normal things fully clothed and nothing sexual was on there, would you take the time to watch it?
Simon Amstell: It's unlikely. But it would still be nice to know that it was there, you know. Like it's nice to know that there's hummus in the fridge. You know, you don't necessarily need it that day but it's there, just in case.
Ed Gamble: Just in case, yeah, just in case. Do you think on PornHub, you know how on Youtube if there's anything explicit it gets taken down, do you think that it works the other way around on PornHub?
Simon Amstell: Oh yeah, I think it should do yeah. Warning
Ed Gamble: No nipples.
Simon Amstell: These people are just sat down eating pizza.
Ed Gamble: Now, Simon, you are about to go on tour with your new show Spirit Hole.
Simon Amstell: Yes, I'm doing that from September, would you like to come Ed and James?
Ed Gamble: I'd absolutely, I'd love to come, for sure.
Simon Amstell: There are two, cos you're both in London right? There are two London dates, there's two nights at the Ally Pally and there's the London Palladium, and I'm going all over the country.
Ed Gamble: Are you excited about it Simon?
Simon Amstell: Yes I'm very excited, I think I'm probably more excited than I've ever been about touring and I've been doing a few festivals and a few warm ups and it just feels really exciting to be able to, to be able to do it, right? I mean you must feel the same, I mean it's what, well how did it feel for you when you couldn't do it?
Ed Gamble: Well, I'm very much like you Simon in that I was excited to get back to stand-up and I am enjoying gigs now that I can do them again, and I'm going on tour next year, I'm very excited about it. James?
James Acaster: I'm enjoying the, I'm enjoying the break.
Simon Amstell: Such a polite podcast. This is so sweet, 'James?'.
James Acaster: Still or sparkling water Simon?
Simon Amstell: Still please.
James Acaster: You're drinking still right now, you took a little sip.
Simon Amstell: I actually am. It's actually from a filtered tap but if you have a fancy bottle then I'd take that as well. Although ideally not plastic.
James Acaster: I'm noticing a theme. Pure kombucha, pure water.
Simon Amstell: Hmm, have you seen my skin?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, how much water do you drink a day?
Simon Amstell: Oh, as much as possible. I just, yeah I can't get enough of it, yeah if ever I'm wondering what to do with myself I think, I'll have a glass of water. Then I feel much much better.
James Acaster: But you filter it?
Simon Amstell: We've got a tap that's a filtered tap in this kitchen we've got, yeah.
Ed Gamble: And is that something that was in the kitchen when you arrived or was it the first thing you did when you moved in were you like, 'get that god damn filtered tap in there, I'm not drinking the muck straight from the tap'.
Simon Amstell: Well it was an option in the kitchen shop and we went for it. I don't know if I was adamant about it but when they presented the option I thought, oh yeah, that's a, that's a nice idea. I'm into anything that's, like I'm not a coeliac but if something is gluten free, I'll go for that option instead.
James Acaster: Oh!
Ed Gamble: Really? Even if it's the worse taste wise? So you would go for like a gluten-free bread or a glutenfree pizza just because it's gluten-free, even though that impacts the taste?
Simon Amstell: Well I've had some really good gluten-free stuff and yes I think so. I sort of feel like, if something is advertised as gluten-free it must be better, it must be better. Not taste-wise necessarily but once it says gluten-free. Like if something said bread-free I'd be like, well, I'd better not have any bread then. Not the same with everything, I think I'm actually making some stuff up here to be honest. I think I'm just lying now.
Ed Gamble: It'd good to know that if we ask you a question and then let you just keep talking, you will just start to lie, yep.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, I think I got a bit too into the frivolity of this podcast there and I thought I could provide something about gluten. So that's what I need, I probably need some gluten-stuff and I actually would just, I dunno, I left my own body for a moment. Yeah I'm going to try and retain my integrity now, throughout this podcast.
Ed Gamble: Good to know, moving forward everything will be the truth from Simon.
Simon Amstell: As always, that's my piece. Please come to my show, if you like the truth, come see Spirit Hole!
James Acaster: What's the best conversation that you've ever had during the water course?
Simon Amstell: I feel like the water course is part of this podcast but maybe not part of my life.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, we've definitely put too, too much focus on the water course on this podcast.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, but, I can't really remember exact conversations I've had whilst drinking water but I'm drinking water now and this is going quite well isn't it?
James Acaster: Normally I guess water course is like, you've all just arrived at the restaurant so what are the classics? How you got there, what the traffic was like, how you've been generally, small talk innit, the water course.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, boring
Ed Gamble: The boring stuff.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, well I think, yeah small talk, who has time for small talk? We're all going to die.
Ed Gamble: I love a bit of small talk.
Simon Amstell: But are you aware of your own death Ed?
Ed Gamble: No because I do too much small talk so I really, really put that, put that out of my mind by doing some small talk. I don't want to think about death while I'm having my water.
Simon Amstell: You should because it's coming and you know, you would spend the time more wisely perhaps.
Ed Gamble: Yeah that's true, but then what would I do? If I'm having the water course then I suddenly realise that I'm going to die, surely I'm just chucking the water on the floor and running out of the restaurant?
Simon Amstell: Well it's not that you're going to die immediately, it's just that death is coming, it's coming. And so, you know, what do we think that we're all going to be on, I mean this isn't a good joke for this moment maybe but do we think we're all going to be on our death beds thinking, oh no, I wish I'd listened to one more podcast.
James Acaster: What do you think you will regret on your deathbed?
Simon Amstell: I feel like maybe I will regret not giving everything I could have, in some way. I want to feel like used up by the end of it, that's something Oprah says sometimes, she wants to just be like done, like you did everything that could be done with this particular incarnation of her being, you know. I don't know if that's the correct phrasing that I've used there but she's saying, I just want to be used up.
Ed Gamble: You want to feel like a husk on your death bed.
Simon Amstell: Yeah like, the regret is I could have done... but you want to feel like, I couldn't have given any more. The way you feel at the end of a show maybe where you've left it all on the stage, you're having to lie down at the end of the gig because it was, because you you know, it all just is on the stage now, it's all there. You couldn't have given them one more laugh, that audience, that's, I think that's how I want to feel at the end of my life, I couldn't have like been any more generous or delightful than I was.
Ed Gamble: That's a wonderful ambition I'd say.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, I don't know if I'll get there but it's nice to think about isn't it? And also that I didn't like hold back on anything because of embarrassment or shame, I want to feel like I've extracted all the shame out of myself so that I can be in a moment with another person without feeling like I have to be someone different so that they'll like me, I want to just be there, you know, that kind of thing.
James Acaster: Yeah, that, that's a good, I tend to be a genie a lot of the time, especially on this podcast
Ed Gamble: Well hopefully only on this podcast James.
James Acaster: You can't control when I pretend to be a genie or not. I said pretend there but the listeners know, I'm a real genie.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, I mean we all heard the sound effect.
James Acaster: Yeah yeah, we all heard it. Popadoms or bread?!?! Popadoms or bread Simon Amstell, popadoms or bread?!
Simon Amstell: Popadoms.
James Acaster: Yeahhh.
Ed Gamble: there was a thought process there, sometimes people are straight in with bread or popadoms and you looked around and you sort of, almost like they were in front of you, the options, and you looked at both of them, and you reached for popadoms. What happened in that moment Simon?
Simon Amstell: I think I was thinking about my first course that's coming up, and what I'm going to get from that first course, there's gonna be a crunchy element. And I don't know if I even want the popadoms actually. Also I don't eat much bread so I feel like I don't want, I don't want either of these to be honest, with this meal, but generally, or is this offensive?
Ed Gamble: No. But it's rare, it's rare that anyone passes on anything and I feel like we're approaching a pass on the popadoms or bread course.
Simon Amstell: If it wasn't for this starter that's coming up. Hang on, why is this being offered? There's so many courses, there's too many things.
James Acaster: well you know, usually they bring along a little bread basket don't they, pre-meal. Sometimes if you're in a curry house they'll bring along a load of popadoms beforehand.
Simon Amstell: Oh I see.
Ed Gamble: And also Simon, I want to get to the end of this podcast feeling like I've offered everything I can on this podcast, you know, I want to leave it all out there, so to not offer popadoms or bread or anything else that might be brought at this time. If you want to maybe, if you want to hack the course and pick prawn crackers or something else then you're very welcome, you're very welcome to do that, or indeed pass, this is your dream meal Simon Amstell.
Simon Amstell: Let's let's pass but maybe I'll say, okay I'll have the popadoms but I might, I might take them home.
Ed Gamble: It's the earliest the doggy bag has been employed on the Off Menu podcast.
Simon Amstell: Ah. No I think I'm sticking with that.
James Acaster: I imagine, you often take food home because I'd imagine you don't like waste Simon Amstell, is that correct?
Simon Amstell: Er the second bit's correct although sometimes food is taken home, I think the key thing is not over ordering.
James Acaster: But here's a difficult conundrum for you right, you want to give all that you can in life and put it all out there, but you don't want to over order. What I'm saying is, do you find it quite hard to find the right balance in life Simon? And to like try and go all in, but not too much.
Simon Amstell: I think I'm talking about giving rather than receiving there. And maybe I would cook too much or I would order too much.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, there's not gonna be a moment where you're on your death bed and you think, ah I really should have ordered an extra dish in that restaurant that time.
Simon Amstell: No, that's not gonna be, that's not going to be the thing.
James Acaster: I think I'll think that.
Ed Gamble: Yeah me too, absolutely me too.
James Acaster: I'll think, why didn't I just eat ice cream everyday, why did I care? Now I'm going to die and I'll never get to have ice cream ever again, I'm going to be dead forever and so, in those precious moments when I was alive I should have had ice cream every single day.
Simon Amstell: You would have died earlier.
James Acaster: Yeah but still.
Simon Amstell: And your quality of life would not have been as good, you would have felt sick all the time, your girlfriend would have left you, you know.
Ed Gamble: So in this, hang on, I've got to work out how Simon's envisaged this life here. so James has eaten so much ice cream that his girlfriend's left him?
Simon Amstell: Yeah.
Ed Gamble: What's happened? Why has it become such a hurdle in his life? At what point has his girlfriend gone, I've got to go, this ice cream thing's out of control.
Simon Amstell: Well he's, you know, he's developed illnesses related to the overeating.
Ed Gamble: Yeah
Simon Amstell: And she's said, look, you either need to stop eating, maybe you need to see a therapist, maybe this is an emotional issue you need to deal with that's leading to you, you know, filling a hole within that can't be filled, and you're saying, I just want to eat ice cream all the time, I don't want to look within, and she's saying, well look, you're responsible for your own healing, I have to find somebody who can take care of themselves because I am not a doctor, I want to be a lover.
James Acaster: Wow, do you know what? I thought it was quite a shallow reason for her to leave me and then you did the speech and I thought, well I'm on her side. She's given a very mature reason.
Simon Amstell: You can have some ice cream. You know.
Ed Gamble: yeah
Simon Amstell: And also there's some really good vegan sugar free ice creams available and, you can choose your ice creams wisely, have a great time
Ed Gamble: Yeah
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: As a concession to her right, if she says, I think this ice cream's a problem, you could still have ice cream every day maybe but maybe cut down to those little pots that you buy in a theatre.
James Acaster: Maybe. It would be quite a difficult one. Have you got any vegan ice creams you'd like to recommend?
Simon Amstell: Everyone's doing them now. When I was on the west coast of America a few years ago, Ben and Jerry's started doing them and that was a thrilling moment. And my boyfriend and I were there also smoking legal marijuana there for the first time together and having some legal marijuana and then vegan Ben and Jerry's ice cream, that is a nice experience.
James Acaster: Um, you are a drugsman. Do you love drugs? Are we gonna see some drugs on the menu today? Because we've had that in the past.
Simon Amstell: I feel, apart from that occasion that I'm talking about, I feel often, well magic mushrooms particularly are best done on an empty stomach and ceremonially, in a ritualistic way, so it's best to, best to have not eaten much at all, if you're going to embark on a mushroom journey. So no, I think I think I'm just eating on this occasion.
James Acaster: If this podcast was not the dream menu for food but the dream menu for drugs, what would your dream drug menu be if we're going starter, main course, dessert?
Ed Gamble: I mean I'm not really a drugsman Simon, but as far as I know you shouldn't really have loads of different drugs and break them up into a course format.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, I haven't heard from any Shamans that that's the way to go. Also, so I consider them to be meditative if I'm doing them in a healing manner, so for me it's like not, for me it's, well, we could do it this way. Bearing in mind that I'm not a shaman, I'm just an idiot. what are your problems and we'll see if we can find the right medicines for you?
James Acaster: Okay, I, I worry too much and everyone annoys me.
Ed Gamble: Is there a drug for that?
Simon Amstell: You have anxiety and you're judgmental.
James Acaster: Yes.
Simon Amstell: Yes, so magic mushrooms would be good for that.
James Acaster: Lovely.
Simon Amstell: Or, MDMA.
James Acaster: Oh really?
Simon Amstell: You would drop into a comfort with intimacy and an empathy would develop to eradicate all that judgment that you're feeling. And you would, you would be there with the other person who is ideally also part of the MDMA session and you just feel deep love and compassion for them. There you go.
Ed Gamble: Um, I'm lazy and I'm greedy and I stink.
Simon Amstell: Okay, so you hate yourself, alright. Let's see, lazy, greedy, it sounds like you have depression there.
Ed Gamble: So what drugs can I take?
Simon Amstell: I think some magic mushrooms would be great for that as well, of course. Or if you're, or if it's calling to you then mother ayahuasca of the rainforest, if you want something really dramatic or if you feel the need for something incredibly life changing.
Ed Gamble: Ayahuasca's the one, you need to go to Peru to do that one, is that right?
Simon Amstell: Yeah yeah yeah. And they say that she calls to you, you know, I kept hearing this, it was eleven years ago when I went for the first time, you keep hearing this word, my friend was talking about it out of nowhere and then I heard it somewhere else, and then when I got there the shaman said, she has called you all here, you will have received messages and, my boyfriend was more cynical, he kept saying, 'yeah I keep hearing the word skiing, when are we doing that?'.
James Acaster: Also, I would imagine that, I mean it sounds lovely but I would imagine that everyone who is there is there because they have heard about it and decided to go there. No one's stumbled into it, sat down and gone, `I wasn't called here, I just sat down, I didn't even know what this was'.
Simon Amstell: That's true. Maybe it works the same advertising or marketing works, you need to hear about something three times and then you buy a ticket. Well I should say that like all these things that we're talking about should be done very carefully, they're very powerful things and they're not for everyone blah blah blah. And also, a lot of them are totally illegal. Good luck everybody!
James Acaster: We move onto your starter.
Simon Amstell: Okay there used to be a restaurant up until recently called Manna in Primrose Hill that served to share, nachos especial which is nachos. And they were really just lovely, and we could all share them together, they had black beans on them, they had some kind of nut cheese, there was a cashew cheese and various other things sprinkled on top of these nachos. And you know, well you know how you eat nachos, it's like a delicious, fun communal thing. You pick them up with your fingers and then you shove them in your mouth and then somebody else has some and then they're finished.
James Acaster: You strike me as someone who wouldn't be competitive or territorial when it comes to the nachos, you'd be quite philosophical about it all.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, the nachos I'm enjoying sharing. Dessert, less so.
Ed Gamble: So with the nachos, are you deliberately leaving some of the fully loaded ones so that everyone can everyone can get involved in that, or are you going straight for what you consider to be the best nacho?
Simon Amstell: I think I am going for the best one.
Ed Gamble: you're going for the best nacho aren't you?
James Acaster: What's the dream nacho for you?
Simon Amstell: Oh it's just got it all on it I suppose, so it's got all the stuff I was talking about there, and it's got a lot of the nut cheese.
Ed Gamble: Look, I love that there's vegan cheeses out there available, I feel like at some point we're going to have to come up with a better name for it than nut cheese. Because it's not selling the nachos especial, every time you say nut cheese I move further and further away from wanting them.
Simon Amstell: I mean, I think if I was amongst fellow plant-based people rather than you psychopaths, I would I would just call it cheese.
Ed Gamble: Yes of course.
Simon Amstell: You're like people who think it's normal to like go up to a cow, steal it's baby, chuck that in the bin and then suck its tits. That's what you're into.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Simon Amstell: And you can't hear the word nut cheese.
James Acaster: Yeah, no. That puts me off, it's disgusting.
Ed Gamble: Ew, horrible.
James Acaster: I want some cow titty cheese.
Simon Amstell: We're all different, we're all different.
Ed Gamble: Well I watched your wonderful show Simon, it's a few years ago now, was it Carnage, is that what it's called?
Simon Amstell: Oh yeah, Carnage. It's still on iPlayer, I think, I think it's going to be on iPlayer until everybody is vegan.
Ed Gamble: Yeah and it's absolutely phenomenal and I watched it, it really moved me and I thought it was a brilliant idea and well executed and I was like, yep, and I agreed with every point and then I thought, anyway, let's crack on with the meat now shall we?
Simon Amstell: How did you do that?
Ed Gamble: I have absolutely no idea.
Simon Amstell: I made it so funny, I made it so emotive, what how, I don't know how you did that, I don't know what more I could have done.
James Acaster: You know, you heard from Ed earlier, Ed's little description of his problems that he clearly hates himself with a passion so you can at lease achieve that. Before he watched Carnage, he quite liked himself and loved eating meat, now you've at least made him completely detest himself for being a meat eater.
Simon Amstell: Alright, well that's the first step.
James Acaster: Yeah now, we've had a comedian on the podcast before called Joel Dommett and he can on the podcast and he chose nachos as his starter and his reason for having nachos as a starter was because you never know how much you're gonna get when you order nachos, as in you never know how big the portion's gonna be, and that was his sole reason for it, and he got a lot of hate on the internet for that being a reason
Simon Amstell: What, he just likes surprises, what does he mean by it?
James Acaster: Yeah, he likes that you order nachos and you never know really how big the portion of nachos will be until it arrives on the table and that was his reason for ordering it.
Simon Amstell: I can see why the hate arrived but I'm now concerned, I didn't know this was going, that there was a possibility of hate as a result of this podcast.
James Acaster: Oh, you will never hear the end of this podcast I'm afraid.
Ed Gamble: I think everything so far has been pretty solid choices, the nachos sound very nice. My only issue with nachos Simon is that all the good stuff's on the top and then quite often you've got three or four layers of dry tortilla crisps underneath. So these nachos, are they layered up or are you just hoovering off the top layer and sending the dry crisps back.
Simon Amstell: I think, I guess the reason that I'm mentioning the nachos from Manna is that they did them so well that there were none of these problems and it's sad to me that the restaurant is no longer there because I've tried to recreate these nachos in my own kitchen and it it hasn't gone as well.
James Acaster: I used to love making nachos at the Star Inn in Geddington when I worked in the kitchen there and we would layer them up, so you know, one layer of chips and then chilli and cheese and then chips chilli cheese and just do that, like about three or four times. And they were good. And the ones on
the bottom were the best because they were like really like, you had to eat them with a fork or a spoon, you couldn't just pick them up because they were really limp, just like, they'd been covered in chilli and they you had to just eat them with a fork or a spoon at the end. They were the best ones.
Simon Amstell: Hmm, the limp nachos.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, the limp nachos. I think me and Simon both reacted to that in exact the same way. You described them as the best nachos and you had to eat them with a spoon because they'd gone all limp. It sounds horrible!
James Acaster: Yes, like a bowl of shreddies at the bottom. I loved it.
Simon Amstell: That's not me, I want a crunch. I feel we may have gone on for too long about nachos because some of this now feels a bit like commentary to some other event whilst we're waiting for some goal to happen or something. Is that accurate?
Ed Gamble: You're worrying about it too much Simon, trust me.
James Acaster: Someone needs magic mushrooms.
James Acaster: Is your main course to share or is your main course just for Simon?
Simon Amstell: There's three options.
James Acaster: okay.
Simon Amstell: One, from Bristol.
James Acaster: Yeah I've been to Bristol.
Simon Amstell: Yeah but as part of the ruse. Ruse isn't the right word, is it a ruse? This podcast.
James Acaster: You would like us to go to Bristol.
Simon Amstell: Yeah I would like us to all go to Bristol if we can, for the main course. But this is only for option one. I would like us to go to Cafe Kino for the beetroot burger. Because it's very delicious. But, there's option, option two is, can we go to LA? Can we go to LA?
Ed Gamble: Yes we can
James Acaster: Yes!
Simon Amstell: I'd like to go to Cafe Gratitude. Which is, I don't know if you've heard of it but
James Acaster: We've been there.
Ed Gamble: We've been there!
Simon Amstell: You've been there!
James Acaster: Together
Simon Amstell: Have you spoken about it on the podcast before?
James Acaster: Guess who we saw while in Cafe Gratitude? you have three guesses, it's a celebrity.
Simon Amstell: Alright, here we go.
Ed Gamble: I think we need to give you a clue that we're in Cafe Gratitude in LA
Simon Amstell: Danny Devito!
Ed Gamble: No, wait, wait for the clue
Simon Amstell: Okay, sorry.
Ed Gamble: It was the most vegan experience possible.
Simon Amstell: Was that the clue? Okay, well, Moby.
James Acaster: Yes.
Ed Gamble: Bang, got it in one.
Simon Amstell: Was it Moby?
Ed Gamble: It was Moby.
James Acaster: Yes, it was Moby. There we go.
Simon Amstell: There we go. Oh boy. Oh well anyway, so you know about Cafe Gratitude. I mean you must have spoken about it then because it's such a funny ridiculous place.
James Acaster: I think two people have selected something from Cafe Gratitude on their Dream Menus.
Ed Gamble: Aisling Bea definitely did.
Simon Amstell: Alright, so, let's go to my third option. I mean I think this is the one because this is the easiest because I can just stay at home for it, it's, pasta with grilled aubergine, spinach, pine nuts toasted, walnuts toasted and pesto.
James Acaster: That sounds very nice.
Ed Gamble: And is this right at home, is this something that you make?
Simon Amstell: That's just, I'm just making that and so that's no problem for anyone.
James Acaster: Talk us through it, because people are going to want to make this at home themselves. If this is your dream meal and this is something that you can just make at home, I reckon that people would appreciate the Amstell pasta.
Simon Amstell: Well I don't know if it's that complicated but
James Acaster: Even better
Simon Amstell: I feel like as I explain it people might go, yeah, pasta. You can make pasta. But yeah, you get some pasta from a packet.
James Acaster: Yes, what kind of pasta?
Simon Amstell: Well I would go, I think there's a brand called Garofalo I think we had that. And so you put some of that in a boiling saucepan.
Ed Gamble: What shape is this Garofalo?
James Acaster: What shape is this pasta?
Simon Amstell: Ah, fusilli. So you put that in the boiling water for as long as it says on the packet. Or, a minute less, that would be my tip, a minute less.
James Acaster: Great tip.
Simon Amstell: And meanwhile, while that's going on, you want to get the pesto out of the fridge, or cupboard, wherever it is.
James Acaster: Green pesto?
Simon Amstell: Sackler >!> vegan green pesto. And then, delicious, delicious.
James Acaster: Ah, I love it.
Simon Amstell: And then, after you've done that you want to get out a frying pan and you want to toast some walnuts and pine nuts and while they're going on, you might want to add some spinach into the boiling water so that wilts nicely.
James Acaster: Into the boiling water with the pasta?
Simon Amstell: Yeah, straight in!
Ed Gamble: See this is the sort of, I'm glad we asked you how to do it now because that's the sort of tip that I would never have thought of.
Simon Amstell: yeah, straight in!
James Acaster: Yeah. And how much, cos like it's quite satisfying putting like loads of spinach in something and then watching it shrink. Are you like, a basketball's worst of spinach?
Simon Amstell: Oh, er, somewhere in between a tennis ball and a basketball. What would that ball be?
James Acaster: A bowling ball?
Ed Gamble: Yeah, a bowling ball.
Simon Amstell: A bowling ball of spinach. There we go. And then, I suppose you're just playing the waiting game, and then, when it's one minute less than it says on the packet you get your colander out and then I mean this is very this is very obvious.
James Acaster: No it's not, it's not obvious. You put spinach in the boiling water with the pasta, are you joking!
Ed Gamble: You put the spinach in the boiling water with the pasta.
Simon Amstell: Okay, alright, so you pour then, you pour everything, the spinach and then pasta into the colander, give that a shake, get rid of any excess water, oh I haven't mentioned that I grilled the aubergine during all of this
James Acaster: This is what I was thinking, when's the aubergine's coming into play?
Simon Amstell: Sorry. Before I even boiled the pasta there was some aubergine chopped into nice circles, no more than like a centimetre thick, if that, and they're spread out on the baking tray, a little bit of oil and a little bit of pepper, they go into the oven and maybe maybe grill if you haven't got much time or oven if you have more time. And then, hopefully the timing is good and then you've got your pasta, all the water's gone, and then you put the pasta back in the saucepan, you put the pesto in the saucepan, you put the pine nuts and the walnuts in the saucepan, you put the what did I what did I make?
James Acaster: Aubergine
Ed Gamble: Aubergine, the main bit.
Simon Amstell: Yep! You put the aubergine in the saucepan and then you mix it all together and then you put it in a bowl or two or three or four depending on how many people are there and then you eat it.
James Acaster: I think that sounds great, I'm going to do it!
Ed Gamble: That sounds great, yeah!
Simon Amstell: What they never say at the end of recipes in books is, 'and now you eat it!'.
Ed Gamble: It's amazing how often I forget that bit. Prepare all that stuff and then I look for the last bit and it doesn't tell me to eat it, straight in the bin.
Simon Amstell: There you go, I feel exhausted now. I don't know how those chefs do it. It's amazing.
Ed Gamble: How often are you making the grilled aubergine pasta with pesto, walnuts and pine nuts?
Simon Amstell: I'd say once a week that happens.
James Acaster: I'm gonna do it tonight! I've decided.
Simon Amstell: Do it! Wow, I've really started something here.
James Acaster: I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to the shop after this, get the ingredients, that's what I'm having for dinner.
Ed Gamble: James is on the lookout for a new pasta dish because him and his girlfriend go quite into making a different pasta dish and I saw them the other day and I mentioned the pasta dish and they both looked really tired when it came up because they'd clearly been eating it far too much.
James Acaster: We love it but we are ashamed of how much we've been eating it all the time.
Simon Amstell: What what is it? What's the
James Acaster: Chorizo and broccoli pasta, it's a really good way of using up all your broccoli stems, you chop up the broccoli stems, it gives it a real nice crunch and it's got capers in it and garlic and chilli and parmesan and it's absolutely delicious and if either of us haven't had a very nice day, the other one always goes, `I'll make some chorizo broccoli pasta for you', and then we have that and it is a very, like you say, a very comforting definitely, as soon as I'd heard there was another pasta dish that was comforting I was like, right, I'm going to learn that immediately.
Simon Amstell: I forgot to say, a drizzle of olive oil at the end of the black pepper, that's quite nice.
Ed Gamble: And is that before or after you eat it? Where does that step come?
Simon Amstell: That's just before. The moment before.
Ed Gamble: Yeah okay. I would, I don't want to get those the wrong way around.
James Acaster: I do want to know because otherwise I feel like it's a bit of a cliff hanger, what you would have ordered from Cafe Gratitude?
Simon Amstell: I actually printed the menu earlier just in case, just in case we landed at Cafe Gratitude, because I haven't been there for a long time.
Ed Gamble: You printed out your menu or you printed out the Cafe Gratitude menu?
Simon Amstell: The Cafe Gratitude menu. Partly because I thought it would just make me laugh because all the dishes are called funny things like 'Enchanting', 'Magical', 'Optimistic (new)'. And when you order in this restaurant you have to say, 'I am...', whatever you want. So you have to say, 'I am... community'. And then when they come and bring the dish they say, 'you are community' and so I don't know what I'd have. I think I'd have maybe, the glorious sandwich or the humble entrée and then they have all these lovely sweet things like 'the joyful', 'the opulent' and then there's like coffee's called 'the courageous'.
James Acaster: I am courageous
Ed Gamble: I didn't realise that, I said 'I am black coffee', because I didn't realise there was a different thing, but I wanted to §get into it and, we've talked about this before, about how it is so, you're so awkwardly British in that situation, so you have to do with a massive dollop of irony. You have to be like, 'oh go on, I am courageous, what a lot of silly Americans you are'. But you got quite into it didn't you James?
James Acaster: I went straight into, I thought, may as well, when in LA. And I said 'I am...' whatever, 'I am brave', and what I loved is when they do say it back because you say to them, 'I am brave', and they go, 'you are brave' and I really enjoyed that. Yes!
Simon Amstell: Did you have someone come over and say as a suggestion during your meal they were asking people to talk about what they're grateful for today that happened?
James Acaster: No I wish it had. I mean that was at the end of our trip we were, we'd been in New York for a week, LA for a week, we were about to go back, it was the last day. I think if they'd told us to talk to each other about what we're grateful for that would have been, we hadn't fallen out the whole trip but I think that would have been the conversation that made us fall out with each other.
Ed Gamble: Maybe they did come over and say, 'we're thinking you should discuss what you're grateful for', but we were probably all just on our phones.
James Acaster: Yeah, at that point.
Simon Amstell: What are we gonna do about those phones?
Ed Gamble: I love 'em. Get bigger ones.
Simon Amstell: No we've got to, we're addicted, we're addicted to them.
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah yeah.
James Acaster: That's going to be a mad thing, the death bed thing, it's gonna be so many of us are gonna be there and that regret of what you didn't do is going to be absolutely terrifying for some people, probably myself included. Where you just go, `oh what the fuck did I do?'. I just stared at my phone for so long.
Simon Amstell: Yes!
James Acaster: Especially like our generation where, you know, any generation that remembers what it was like beforehand and so now we're more scared. Because like little kids seem a bit more chill about it cos it's a part of their life, but we are, cos we're like, 'oh no, I remember what it felt like to actually think about stuff while I was waiting for things and it wasn't that bad actually'.
Simon Amstell: I think the only way out of it maybe is if we, I guess we have to keep the phones now right, they're there, but maybe we could make it so the battery life is three minutes and then to recharge takes a month. That's the only way out of it. It'd be annoying but we'd be free.
James Acaster: So your side dish. Is it something that would complement the comfort pasta?
Simon Amstell: I'm too full with the pasta. Like what would I have as the side dish? I can't, I'm going to have to pass on the side dish.
Ed Gamble: You're the least hungry man we've ever had on this podcast. You've already passed on the popadoms.
Simon Amstell: I had a lot of falafel during the technical difficulties. Yeah I think, but generally pasta is enough isn't it? A side dish, I mean, it's not, olive oil is not a side dish but it is on the side. Can I have olive oil?
James Acaster: You would just like some olive oil as your side dish?
Simon Amstell: Yes, there you go.
James Acaster: Okay.
Ed Gamble: any, any particular type of olive oil Simon? Do you have a favourite olive oil?
Simon Amstell: I don't know, I suppose just the, we get a big, we get a big tin from a local shop here that's like an enormous tin, and then we decant that into a bottle with a nozzle thing. And I don't think nozzle's the right word but do you know what I mean?
James Acaster: A pourer, a plug, like a pourer.
Ed Gamble: A pourer, a pourer. A plug with like a little pouring stem on it.
Simon Amstell: A plug with a little thing in it, with a pouring stem on a cork. Yeah. This is, we still haven't got it right
James Acaster: A bung, what's it called?
Simon Amstell: I don't know. Anyway, so so, it'll be that oil from the shop that we get that oil from. Or any oil, I don't care, just oil.
James Acaster: No I like it, I like the, I'm glad that we asked that because I didn't know that you had such a, I just get a bottle of olive oil and that's eat and then that's on the side, but you have a tin and you put that in a jug and you put a cork stopper in the jug and then you pour it out special every time.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, special.
James Acaster: I like that.
Ed Gamble: Are we talking extra virgin, virgin? I mean you don't see anything other than that these days do you?
Simon Amstell: Not that I'm aware of. You know, just the extra virgin olive oil. I suppose organic, ideally.
Ed Gamble: It's just weird that, I don't know why they need to specify extra virgin and virgin now because you don't see like
Simon Amstell: But you'd be worried if you saw the packaging and it didn't say it, you'd be like, what the hell is this?
Ed Gamble: Yeah yeah.
James Acaster: Who's been fucking these olives?
Ed Gamble: That is god damn dirty, promiscuous olive oil. No thank you.
James Acaster: Olive oil takes me back to the start of the pandemic actually.
Simon Amstell: Oh yeah? Take us there James.
Ed Gamble: Please, we've already been to Bristol, LA and Simon's house, please, let's go to the start of the pandemic.
James Acaster: Well, my ears started acting up for no reason, I didn't know why, they were really blocked and I was like, what the hell is going on.
Ed Gamble: Which has happened to you before, yes?
James Acaster: Yes I've had, oh I've had problems with my ears before, I've had to go to ER in LA when my ears were so painful
Ed Gamble: He went to the set of ER Simon, can you imagine that? He just wondered onto the set and went, 'there's something wrong with my ears.
James Acaster: Yeah, just went in
Simon Amstell: Wow, it must have been so dramatic.
James Acaster: Yep
Simon Amstell: Well do you swim a lot, sometimes it can happen if you swim a lot that your ears go like that
James Acaster: I never swim, I hate swimming.
Simon Amstell: Oh, maybe you should swim more.
James Acaster: I really hate it so that's definitely not that.
Ed Gamble: I didn't know you hated swimming
James Acaster: I hate it, I hate it, I hate swimming!
Simon Amstell: What happened to you when you were a child in a swimming pool?
James Acaster: Good point.
Ed Gamble: Give him a mushroom, get him talking.
James Acaster: Yeah, here we go. Let's do the ceremony and then I'll tell you all about it.
Simon Amstell: When you were a child did you drown in a swimming pool?
James Acaster: Oh, that is it. I did try and drown myself once but that's been well documented, I've talked about that before. I tried to drown myself because my didn't get me the Spice Girls debut album, Spice.
Simon Amstell: Fair enough!
James Acaster: So I tried to drown myself in the shallow end of the swimming pool. But, so maybe that's part of it. When the Kettering Leisure Village opened when I was a teenager, we were very excited, it was a big deal, the swimming pool had a wave machine, a jacuzzi and rapids and I'd go there a lot but, you know, being a teenager so very body conscious, really aware that like my friend who would often go to the swimming pool, he was like already a full man in his, you know, that just all happened for him and I'd feel like a little boy and very, just too, yeah, too body conscious really. So I still feel like that when going to the swimming pool, don't like it, hate it, so my ears are nothing to do with that. In LA it was because I'd been on a plane and it messed my ears up and then I went, but like, they did say that they were too waxy. Start of lockdown they were messing up again and I was like, I don't want to go to the doctors because there's this pandemic. And everything like that, I don't want to go there just for my ears being a bit blocked. So I looked online and it was just like, pour olive oil in your ears, so I just did that all the time, I'd sit there, well lay there, on my bed, on my side, just letting the olive oil just soak into my ears. And actually, that was very relaxing. Talking about having a break from your phone, I would just lay there and I could hardly even hear, it's just this nice muffled almost ASMR kind of noises in my ear, and I would just lay there and let the olive oil just soak up all the wax, or the wax would soak up the olive oil, and then
Simon Amstell: then you'd wash it out.
James Acaster: Yeah, and then you'd wash it out. I mean that bit's gross.
Ed Gamble: Did it work, does it work though?
James Acaster: Yeah, it worked!
Simon Amstell: That's great. I think we might have put people off the pasta for tonight now, but
James Acaster: Yeah yeah
Simon Amstell: But
Ed Gamble: How did you get the olive oiling there because it seems like, Simon, you've got the perfect set up for getting it into your ears.
Simon Amstell: I mean I could come over and clean your ears out no problem.
Ed Gamble: That pouring stem, or whatever it is.
James Acaster: That is true. I used a little, so I already had something else so, I use a little one of those eye dropper kind of things but I just use that in the olive oil.
Simon Amstell: Great, that's great.
James Acaster: This is such a great podcast for tips. I think we haven't had an episode with so many tips in it before. We've talked about tips for doing drugs, tips for making pasta
Simon Amstell: No no no, we've done tips for healing from mental health issues
James Acaster: Tips for healing and taking medicine. Yes yes. Tips for making pasta, tips for unblocking your ears with olive oil. You haven't given any tips Ed, a little bit selfish with your tips for the rest of us
Ed Gamble: No I've not given any tips. What would you like? I can give a tip.
James Acaster: Is there any tips you would like from Ed, Simon? Anything that Ed can help you with? Any tips?
Simon Amstell: I wonder. Well he seems to have won an award in his zoom frame there, I wonder what he won that for?
Ed Gamble: Which one?
Simon Amstell: Or two! Hang on, there's one with a man's head, that's an award is it?
Ed Gamble: That's Greg Davis' head, that's the Taskmaster trophy.
Simon Amstell: Ah congratulations and then that, what about that trophy?
Ed Gamble: And then that's Richard Osman's face, that's for Richard Osman's House of Games.
Simon Amstell: Wow you've really been putting yourself about there, haven't you?
Ed Gamble: Oh yeah, I'll do anything.
Simon Amstell: And winning!
Ed Gamble: That's a skull, just because I like skulls.
Simon Amstell: That's good! That's to remind you of death. And that, the thing behind you does that say 'wear a condom'?
Ed Gamble: Yes!
Simon Amstell: Well that's a great tip, there you go.
James Acaster: That's a good tip, yeah that is a good tip.
Ed Gamble: That's a Joe Lycett painting and it's a picture of a baby in a glass bath and it says 'wear a condom', he's a very talented boy.
Simon Amstell: there you go, I think we did it.
James Acaster: So your side dish is olive oil.
Simon Amstell: With a condom.
Ed Gamble: Would you like the olive oil in a condom Simon?
James Acaster: Yeah
Simon Amstell: Actually you mustn't put olive oil anywhere near a condom because it makes it ineffective.
Ed Gamble: is that true? Another tip!
James Acaster: Oh! Gonna have to know why you know that.
Simon Amstell: Well, because I have sex.
James Acaster: Yes but, oh yeah absolutely.
Simon Amstell: Better known is that you must use a water-based lubricant, an oil-based lubricant would damage the condom. Top tip. Top tip listeners!
Ed Gamble: Yeah, that is a good tip.
Simon Amstell: Enjoy your pasta, enjoy your sex, stay healthy.
Ed Gamble: I think more broadly the tip is: never dip your dick in your side dish.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, that's catchier.
James Acaster: But your dream drink, is it another glass of olive oil?
Simon Amstell: What about the water? I've had my dream drink.
Ed Gamble: Oh no, I knew this was going to happen. Is this another pass? It's another pass. I can't believe this.
James Acaster: What the hell. `Just some pasta for me thank you, goodbye'.
Ed Gamble: Now Simon, do you remember earlier we said, don't worry, you won't get any hate? Now you've passed on three things, this is, it's feeling like we're approaching
James Acaster: I don't think anyone would dare hate on Simon Amstell, I think everyone loves you too much however you are, at the minute I'm on the verge of starting up an Instagram account and absolutely destroying you,.
Simon Amstell: I'm just trying to, you know, it's important to bet able to say no, that's very important. But kombucha, if we're talking about a different drink to water, I would have to say kombucha, no problem.
James Acaster: Your home-made one?
Simon Amstell: Yeah, or your mother's one, to spice things up.
James Acaster: My mother would love to make you some kombucha.
Simon Amstell: Great, I would love to receive it, very much.
James Acaster: She asked me to tell you, don't use it as a lubricant.
Ed Gamble: That does sound like her
James Acaster: That's what she always says when she drops around her home made kombucha.
Ed Gamble: So you're not, are you not a booze man, Simon?
Simon Amstell: No I haven't drunk anything since I was about twenty-five. No, no, just the drugs.
James Acaster: The sweet sweet drugs.
Simon Amstell: Yeah yeah yeah, cos anything, yeah yeah healing. Cos alcohol is a depressant, so if you're prone to a bit of depression, you don't want a depressant going into your body, you want something that's an anti-depressant like magic mushrooms. Well this is an alcohol culture. Kenneth Mckenna talks about like there are different, there are mushroom-y cultures, not that people are doing mushrooms all the time but there's the possibility of them. And here, it's not like people are drinking all the time generally but there's always the possibility of going to the pub and having a drink. So it's like an entirely different situation here. Why have I said all that? I can't remember where I was going with that but basically of course we are the way we are because this country is the way it is. I think you really have to like, you have to go through something like growing up gay to be like, hang on a minute, maybe the culture's wrong because otherwise I'm a pervert. So once you've done that, once you've sort of broken through that barrier then you're looking at everything, then you're thinking, well hang on a minute, should I be doing this because if I'd have followed all the rules I'd be married to a lady called Laura now and deeply miserable.
Ed Gamble: That is the rule, she has to be called Laura.
Simon Amstell: She must be called Laura.
James Acaster: At the start of this year I went the longest I think I've gone in maybe ten or so years like without alcohol, I had three months of not drinking and do you know what, it felt really nice and I made the mistake of telling a t-total friend of mine that I had, oh it's three months of not drinking is pretty good, I feel pretty great, and then he was like right, well in that case I'm gonna, he didn't even run this by me actually, he just did this without asking me, and he sent me one hundred cans of alcohol free beer and I would drink them every now and then and I would have them in the fridge, and they were quite nice for alcohol free beers actually but also during that time I just gradually starting drinking again every now and then anyway and I had the first fifty cans of alcohol free beer over time, I had them as they were, when it got to like can fifty one I thought, I can't have another fifty of these. So I've started adding whiskey to them Simon and I add a shot of whiskey, a can of Coast and then a few drops of lime juice, squeeze a bit of lime juice over the top and in bars if you get like an alcoholic beer with a shot of whiskey in it it's called a boilermaker so I call my cocktail a boilerfaker and it is actually delicious, and I think, quite a good way for people to like have a boilermaker without getting completely trashed because it's not a pint of beer with whiskey in it, it's alcohol free beer with a whiskey.
Simon Amstell: Another great tip, that's another great tip.
James Acaster: It's another great tip and I think it's pretty clever. And it is the best invention that, I think it's the best thing I've ever invented.
Simon Amstell: I guess it's not what Coast had in mind but fuck 'em.
James Acaster: Nope, absolutely not what they had in mind.
Simon Amstell: Simon if ever you were like, you know, it's like, it's January, it's Dry January and you don't want to do a magic mushroom, would you buy maybe a pack of like button mushrooms instead? Just just for the feelings.
James Acaster: Yes, good question Ed, well done.
Simon Amstell: Er, sure. I mean I have, also have just the general mushroom in my life. But Dry January isn't for like people that enjoy psychedelics, that's for people who are like drowning in alcoholism.
James Acaster: So let's go onto your dessert now. Now I know that you're gonna have a dessert because you mentioned during your starter, cos let's face it so far, so far you've had still water, you have passed on poppadoms or bread
Ed Gamble: You're taking the poppadoms home.
James Acaster: Yeah you've taken the poppadoms home but you're not eating them. You've had a starter to share with people so let's face it, you've had like one or two loaded or fully loaded chips. You've had your pasta, you've had a little side of olive oil and you were gonna pass on the drink but eventually decided that you were gonna have kombucha. So we've got plenty of room here for this dessert.
Simon Amstell: Well that's why you know, I've been so wise thus far because otherwise I'd be like, I can't possibly have dessert after all this madness. But now I can have my big slab of chocolate cake with ice cream.
James Acaster: And you look so happy as well.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, so pleased.
James Acaster: You look so happy saying a big slab of chocolate cake with ice cream, really happy with that.
Simon Amstell: Lots of icing, vanilla ice cream will go very well with the chocolate. My boyfriend the other day made a chocolate cake out of courgette somehow. It was the most moist delicious thing I've ever eaten.
James Acaster: What?
Simon Amstell: Yeah! I mean it wasn't mainly courgettes but there were courgettes in it. And it was just amazing and that's what I want for dessert.
Ed Gamble: Do you want your boyfriend's courgette carrot cake, not carrot cake sorry courgette
Simon Amstell: No forget carrots, courgette
Ed Gamble: Sorry I'll tell you what was in my mind though, that people get weird about things like courgette in cake, like ew why are you putting courgette in my cake, but these are people that eat carrot cake without worrying about it, so same thing!
Simon Amstell: Hypocrites!
James Acaster: At the minute Simon, I mean maybe you can empathise with this, Ed is gearing up to go on tour and tour comedy show, and so any territory where his mind goes this could be a routine he starts thinking in comedy routines, so immediately there he heard courgette cake, 'oh people don't like that but then people eat carrot cake so what's the matter with them?' and then he started thinking in a comedy routine and then he got himself confused.
Ed Gamble: James, how bad a comedian do you think I am? That I at any point would consider doing a routine where I say, 'ugh courgette cake, people are weird about that, what about carrot cake, guys guys?'.
James Acaster: I mean, I've considered worse things on the lead up to writing comedy shows. I'm not saying it was gonna make the final cut!
Ed Gamble: Nah I might try it actually.
James Acaster: I went on Bake Off Extra Slice when they were doing vegan week and the audience all bring in cakes that they've made, and I'll be honest with you Simon when I was on the way there I thought, well I've really drawn the short straw here because obviously trying everyone's vegan cakes, this is going to be so disappointing. They were delicious and I think there's so much of an emphasis on you know, oh they're not moist enough vegan cakes, that people have really cracked it now and if anything they're the most moist sumptuous cakes, they were great, I couldn't stop eating all of them. Like and I got given quite a lot. And also, because everyone just hangs out afterwards who has made the cakes because they really want you to try theirs as well and I was just sitting there, Nick Hewer had already gone home but I was eating all of them.
Simon Amstell: That's great, yeah. I think also we have advanced to the point where I walked past a doughnut shop yesterday that happened to be a vegan donut shop, it wasn't even, it was called Doughnut Time or something in the middle of soho and it must have had like eighty percent vegan doughnuts, and they weren't even, they weren't even telling people!
James Acaster: Did you get a doughnut from there? Because I love doughnut time!±
Simon Amstell: My boyfriend did. My boyfriend got a jam donut and he thought it was bloody delicious.
James Acaster: It's so good. I mean I used to live literally opposite a Doughnut Time. And I lived there for three years I think and I only went to the donut time in my last week of living there because I knew that if I went early doors, that was it.
Ed Gamble: All bets are off.
James Acaster: Cos they're extravagant donuts, they're huge and they've got entire chocolate bars sticking out of them and stuff. I was talking to Ed the other day about how I've never been to Cinnabon because I know that if I had a Cinnabon I would want to go to Cinnabon all the time and so I've never been there.
Simon Amstell: I don't know about Cinnabon.
James Acaster: It looks amazing. Ed's had them. so he'll tell you.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, a big like cinnamon bun basically but they cover it in like icing. It's crazy, they're like, I think one of them is like one thousand calories or something.
Simon Amstell: That's too many calories.
Ed Gamble: It's too many calories for one thing Simon so so yeah, I mean I can't have them very regularly obviously.
Simon Amstell: Do you think the sweet stuff that we're drawn to, it's because we miss our mother's breast milk isn't it?
Ed Gamble: Oh don't ruin it Simon. Great.
Simon Amstell: Maybe that will help.
Ed Gamble: Yeah maybe this will stop James eating ice cream now?
James Acaster: Yeah. I'll stop drinking her kombucha as well now.
Simon Amstell: I think that's what's going on there. There's something very comforting, we feel so safe, we feel so taken care of when we're eating a bowl of ice cream, we feel like nothing else matters. And that must be how we felt when we were being breast fed.
Ed Gamble: But some people aren't, some people aren't breast fed though right?
Simon Amstell: Well they eat with a bottle. Whatever it is, you know, bottle fed, it's basically like, this is all you need, just this sweet sweet milk.
James Acaster: Yeah
Simon Amstell: And then we're like, oh well we can't have that now because that would be strange, it's, you know, odd enough hat mum is bringing over all this kombucha, what's she trying to do? But what we can do is we can, you know, find our own sweet things. But too much and nature says, come on now, you're an adult.
James Acaster: Let's get you off the teat.
Ed Gamble: I prefer savoury stuff so what's going on there.
James Acaster: Yeah.
Simon Amstell: You were breast fed enough. There was never a point where it was withheld or you were crying and not picked up. Yeah you were, you had a good childhood. You should thank your mum, next time you see your mum give her a big hug.
James Acaster: Today!
Ed Gamble: She's genuinely in my sitting room now.
James Acaster: Yeah, Ed asked you earlier but I interrupted it, asked if you would like your boyfriend's courgette cake as your chocolate cake dessert?
Simon Amstell: Yeah it was really good. It might be the best chocolate cake I've ever had, so. Oh actually there was another time that was so good that I had to sit down. I was, I was stood up
Ed Gamble: Why were you stood up anyway?
Simon Amstell: I was near my, somebody bought it to my kitchen, it was from, where was it from? It was from a restaurant near where she was doing something that day and then she brought this cake and I was
standing up in the kitchen and I tried a bit and it was like so intensely, I guess it was dark, it was like a dark chocolate cake with a crunchy base, I had to sit down it was so good. And I remember that that being a good one. But I, you have to be careful with this stuff, you know, anything that's like that intense. I remember when I was less good at realising that the fulfilment of stand-up comedy came from the performance itself, I would after a show, maybe you'll relate to this, going on tour yourself, need either a chocolate cake or somebody to have sex with, and I ended up having a lot of chocolate cake. So yeah, you have to really, it's actually good to like, you know, if you're present and you've eaten the chocolate cake and know that you're eating the chocolate cake and you're there for it you know you're like really appreciative of it, I feel there's no, there's no problem there, you're with, the problem comes when you sort of didn't even know you're eating it and then you need another one. That's when you're in trouble.
Ed Gamble: Yeah, and the same goes for the other as well.
James Acaster: For sex?
Simon Amstell: The sex. Oh yeah, you have to be there for the sex, I mean it's difficult not to be there for the sex so it does that to you doesn't it, the sex? Unless you're with the wrong person perhaps.
Ed Gamble: It calls to you.
Simon Amstell: It calls to you.
James Acaster: It calls to you.
Ed Gamble: I just love the idea of you finishing a show Simon and in the back of your mind just going, which one is it going to be this evening?
James Acaster: Which one tonight?
Simon Amstell: Oh dear. That won't happen this time. This time I'll just be fully enjoying being on stage.
James Acaster: And now you have a boyfriend who can make chocolate cake! I mean this is absolutely, you've completely landed on your feet here!
Simon Amstell: oh my god you're right! What a life! I don't even need to do the tour!
James Acaster: Well, I'm going to read your menu back to you now, see how you feel about it. So, for water you wanted still water, popadoms or bread, you want popadoms to take home but you don't want to eat them right now. For your starter you would like the nachos with the nut cheese on it to share with everyone which comes from:
Simon Amstell: Manna, M-A-N-N-A. Which is now closed.
James Acaster: For your main course you would like the grilled aubergine, spinach, pine nut, walnut pasta. Recipe earlier in the podcast if anyone wants to make it, I'm going to make it tonight. Side dish, just a cup of olive oil!
Ed Gamble: Actually, we should have absolutely just torn you apart for this menu actually Simon, it really speaks to just how sort of charming and gracious you are as a guest that we have not absolutely obliterated you for this.
James Acaster: Here's the thing, we would normally obliterate someone for this Simon, don't get us wrong, we would normally obliterate people, but what I genuinely, what I have genuinely found throughout this podcast is that you seem so, just content and genuinely happy that I'm like, oh well what am I really angry about here, clearly this is about me, Simon's got his life sorted but I'm there, I'm drinking booze, I'm eating meat, I'm anxious all the time, why am I thinking that Simon's wrong? Actually I think that what me and Ed think is wrong. And actually you should just have a cup of olive oil as a side. That's genuinely been my experience during this podcast has been to question everything about my life and what I do, in a good way, even though I know I will not change.
Simon Amstell: Ah okay, it was going so well until that last bit! 'Even though I know I will not change'. You should be a preacher, that's really funny.
James Acaster: You would like, homemade pure kombucha as your drink and for dessert you would like your boyfriend's courgette chocolate cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Simon Amstell: Yeah, and what happens now, do I do I just sort of think about that for, do I eat that some other time, does it get delivered to me? What happens?
Ed Gamble: Normally Simon, then like you know it's from sort of restaurants and stuff and people will go to those restaurants or whatever, we wouldn't' deliver you the meal but the menu you've picked you could feasibly just go and have right now.
James Acaster: Yeah
Simon Amstell: Yeah, except that I had a lot of falafel during the technical difficulties.
Ed Gamble: Yes, sure. We have perhaps not illustrated quite how bad the technical difficulties were but, it took us about an hour to get up and running.
James Acaster: Usually normally the guest thanks us for, you know, says
Simon Amstell: Oh sorry, hang on, hang on. Hey guys, thank you so much for having me and asking me what my menu would be, or is, and, I can't wait to erm.
James Acaster: Thank you Simon.
Simon Amstell: Well I'll listen to the podcast, I'll write down what I said, and then I'll make it
Ed Gamble: And then you can make it, yes, finally, exactly. Finally there's a, there's a recorded history of how to make that dish.
James Acaster: Write down all the tips.
Simon Amstell: I'm so glad that this was a conversation that was recorded. Imagine if we just got together and said all this, I mean it would just be absurd. I mean it really would be absurd if we did that.
James Acaster: Yeah
Ed Gamble: Simon Amstell, thank you very much for coming to the Dream Restaurant.
James Acaster: Thank you Simon.
Ed Gamble: Well there we are.
James Acaster: Woohoo!
Ed Gamble: Thank you very much Simon for coming in. I loved that episode James it's the most drugs chat that we've ever had.
James Acaster: It was enlightening. I love talking to Simon, I could chat to him for hours. Which we did actually because there were so many technical difficulties, we kept on going in and out, having loads of chats with him that couldn't make the edit because they didn't get recorded or we lost them in the ether of the internet, but, what a wonderful wonderful person to chat to. Loved chatting to him, glad that he didn't say cress, he didn't say the secret ingredient so we didn't have to chuck him out.
Ed Gamble: No, that was lucky. Really like Simon, I think he was really good company, very patient with all our technical difficulties but let's not beat around the bush, shit menu.
James Acaster: Well, yes, because we're recording this outro a few days after we've recorded the episode and I can confirm that I was so excited by his dream main that I made it myself. You know, it was fine.
Ed Gamble: I was surprised that you were so excited by it and that you couldn't wait to cook it.
James Acaster: It sounded delicious the way he described it. And I think I got more excited by the fact that I knew I could cook it.
Ed Gamble: Yeah I think that was it, I think it was the accessibility of the ingredients and you were like I could go now and get all those ingredients and cook it tonight.
James Acaster: Yes, and grilling the nuts up, that's exciting. I was looking forward to doing that and getting some crispy nuts in the pasta.
Ed Gamble: Yeah I laughed at that. Sue me, I laughed at that, I laughed at you saying grilling the nuts up, sure.
James Acaster: Yeah, that's fair enough. You're allowed to laugh at it. Although, that I think grilling the nuts up is the catch phrase for my roasty toasty podcast
Ed Gamble: Yeah please, stop crossing the streams.
James Acaster: We're getting confused now. Keep it roasty, keep it toasty, all our fans we love you the most. That's what we say on the Roasty Toasty podcast.
Ed Gamble: Yeah we do. This podcast is ready cheddy ready for beddy.
James Acaster: Ready cheddy and ready for beddy, the best thing I've ever said on this podcast, the best joke I've ever made.
Ed Gamble: I think your memory might be playing tricks on you there James.
James Acaster: Everyone knows that's my number one joke, that's my catch phrase, ready cheddy and ready for beddy. I'm a genius, comedy genius, I thought of that.
Ed Gamble: Speaking of comedy genii Simon Amstel is on tour, go to SimonAmstell.com to buy tickets for his tour, Spirit Hole. But he's not the only one on tour James, Ed Gamble's on tour as well, me. go and see my show Electric.
James Acaster: Ed Gamble
Ed Gamble: edgamble.co.uk for tickets. It starts in February, February 2022.
James Acaster: edgamble.co.uk and edgamble.com is still a mystery.
Ed Gamble: You could just go on it and have a look.
James Acaster: Not me, the listeners have to crack the case.
Ed Gamble: Right okay, crack the cress.
James Acaster: Crack the cress everybody.
Ed Gamble: And if someone wants to make up like a sort of, like me and James to look like an egg and cress but also sort of film noir detectives with the catch phrase, 'crack the cress' underneath, that would be mighty appreciated.
James Acaster: Yes.
Ed Gamble: Well James, in terms of intros and outros that was
James Acaster: Pretty efficient.
Ed Gamble: Pretty efficient, okay yeah sure, pretty efficient, thank you very much! Goodbye!
James Acaster: Goodbye everybody!
