First and foremost, I would like to thank my supervisor Prof. Horacio Saggion. From helping spark the first topic ideas, through the European project trips and its multiple deliverables, to putting together this manuscript, he has offered consistent support and guidance over the last four-and-a-half years. A note placed on his desk with a reminder to ``enjoy your life" has helped to ground me, and to keep in mind the importance of self-care and curiousty outside of the academic during this process.

I also give thanks to my co-supervisor Prof. Josep Quer whose expertise in Sign Language linguistics and communities have been invaluable. The same goes for the incredibly impressive colleagues I met during the SignON project, my involvement in this has given me a perspective which has guided all of the research conducted here, as well as the importance of Deaf culture in all its guises.

A special mention goes to Dr. Santiago Egea Gómez and Dr. Luis Chiruzzo, with whom I conducted many of the experiments and the processing work in this thesis. In some experiments, they were the lead investigators and I thank them for their contribution without which this thesis would not be possible. I also appreciate their mentorship and guidance while we were at UPF together.

I also had the opportunity to teach courses in NLP and Databases, as well as mentor five undergraduate theses through a teaching scholarship programme offered by UPF. These experiences have helped shape me both as a researcher and as an individual, and I have learnt so much from it and from all of the students. Thanks also to Prof. Simon King, the course organiser of my Master's programme at The University of Edinburgh. I sincerely believe that this programme has been pivotal in developing my career in speech and language technology, that this is true for so many fellow SLPers, and that Simon's advice to always ``prepare your workspace" and ``keep an engineers notebook" underpins every successful NLP project.

I thank also my lab-mates on the fourth floor over the years: Alba, Piotr, Kemalcan, Nico, and so many others too numerous to mention. Together we have celebrated accepted papers and exciting new life events, commiserated during lower moments, and supported each other through all the challenges that befall academic life. I feel privileged to have been able to pursue education to the doctoral level, a privilege which is not available to everyone. I have had the opportunity gain knowledge from and conduct research with esteemed colleagues who are experts in their respective fields.

However, the experience of pursuing a PhD has come with considerable personal challenge and sacrifice. There to support me throughout have been my friends (who know who they are) and family - Ian, Vicky and Sophie. All three of them always encouraged my intellectual curiosity growing up, and have always lent an interested ear to my research - no matter how niche and incomprehensible it may be at times! Sadly, we lost my father in the middle of the third year of my doctoral studies. I dedicate this work to his memory.

Finally, and most importantly I would like to thank my fiancée Shauna. She has been a true rock throughout the entire PhD process from the very start. She has offered the perfect combination of patience, support, advice, and tough love required to get through this all in one piece. Now that this chapter of our life together is complete, let's finish planning our wedding.
